What do you expect? They're savages. One lot steals a goat from another lot and before you know it, they're ripping each other to pieces.
I've never seen wildlings do a thing like this. I've never seen a thing like this, not ever in my life.
How close did you get?
Close as any man would.
We should head back to the wall.
Do the dead frighten you?
Our orders were to track the wildlings. We tracked them. They won't trouble us no more.
You don't think he'll ask us how they died? Get back on your horse.
Whatever did it to them could do it to us. They even killed the children.
It's a good thing we're not children. You want to run away south, run away. Of course, they will behead you as a deserter â€¦ If I don't catch you first. Get back on your horse. I won't say it again.
Your dead men seem to have moved camp.
They were here.
See where they went.
What is it?

Well, then you'd better start riding. Go, before I change my mind and send her your head.
If your name wasn't Lannister, you'd be scrubbing out pots in the cook's tent. Go!
Not wine, water. We'll be here for some time. Girl, where are you from?
Maidenpool, my lord.
And who are the Lords of Maidenpool? Remind me.
House Mooton, my lord.
And what is their sigil?
A red salmon. I think a Maidenpool girl would remember that. You're a Northerner, aren't you?
Good. One more time, where are you from?
Barrowton, my lord. House Dustin. Two crossed longaxes beneath a black crown.
And what do they say of Robb Stark in the North?
They call him the Young Wolf.
And?
They say he rides into battle on the back of a giant direwolf. They say he can turn into a wolf himself when he wants. They say he can't be killed.
And do you believe them?
No, my lord. Anyone can be killed.
Fetch that water.
A girl says nothing.
A girl keeps her mouth closed. No one hears, and friends may talk in secret, yes? A boy becomes a girl.
I was always a girl.
And I was always aware. But the girl keeps secrets. It is not for a man to spoil them.
You're one of them now. I should have let you burn.
And you fetch water for one of them now. Why is this right for you and wrong for me?
I didn't have a choice.
You did. I did. And here we are.
A man pays his debts. A man owes three.
Three what?
The Red God takes what is his, lovely girl. And only death may pay for life. You saved me and the two I was with. You stole three deaths from the Red God. We have to give them back. Speak three names and the man will do the rest. Three lives I will give you, no more, no less, and we're done.
I can name anyone and you'll kill him?
A man has said.
The one who tortures everyone.
A man needs a name.
I don't know his name. They call him the Tickler.
That is enough. Go now, girl. Your master is thirsty.
He's not here yet. He'd have seen us, blown the horn.
When will he come?
The Halfhand does things in his own time.
My uncle told me stories about him.
Most of them are true.
I heard the Halfhand spent half of last winter beyond the Wall.
The whole winter. He was north of the Skirling Pass when the snows came. Had to wait for the thaw.
So it is possible for someone to survive out here on their own.
Well, possible for the Halfhand.
Beautiful, isn't it? Gilly would love it here.
There's nothing more sickening than a man in love.
About time you did something. At least you'll keep warm.
The Fist of the First Men. Think of how old this place is. Before the Targaryens defeated the Andals, before the Andals took Westeros from the First Men.
Before I die, please, stop talking.
Thousands and thousands of years ago, the First Men stood here where we're standing all through the long night. What do you think they were like, the First Men?
Stupid. Smart people don't find themselves in places like this.
I think they were afraid. I think they came here to get away from something. And I don't think it worked.
Wildlings?
One blast is for rangers returning. Wildlings is two blasts.
So you got to stand there waiting, wondering. One blast for friends, two for foes.
And three for White Walkers. It's been a thousand years, but that's the only time they blow the horn three times.
But if it's been a thousand years, how do you know?
Well I read it in a book.
I read it in a book.
Look. It's Qhorin Halfhand.
EDD Aye, we'll live another day. Hurrah.
Take care, my lord.
I remember reading an old sailors' proverb, "Piss on wildfire and your cock burns off. "
Oh, I have not conducted this experiment. It could well be true. The substance burns so hot, it melts wood, stone, even steel, and, of course, flesh. The substance burns so hot, it melts flesh like tallow.
After the dragons died, wildfire was the key to the Targaryen power.
My companion takes issue.
If I could tell you how many crazy old men I've seen pushing carts around army camps making grand claims about jars full of pig shit. No offense meant.
Our order does not deal in pig shit. The substance is fire given form. And we have been perfecting it since the days of Maegor.
To do what?
The jars are put in catapults and flung at the enemy.
How much do you have?
If you could get real soldiers to man the catapults, then maybe you'd hit your target one time in ten, but all the real soldiers are in the Riverlands with your father.
My lord, this man is insulting.
I don't know if you've ever seen a battle, old man, but things can get a bit messy. 'Cause when we're flinging things at Stannis, he's flinging them right back at us. Men die, men shit themselves, men run, which means pots falling, which means fire inside the walls, which means the poor cunts trying to defend the city end up burning it down.
My friend remains unconvinced.
He would not dare insult my order whilst Aerys Targaryen lived.
Well, he's not living anymore. And all his pots of wildfire didn't help him, did they? Men win wars, not magic tricks.
We have been working tirelessly, day and night, ever since your royal sister commanded us to do so. Our present count stands at 7,811. Enough to burn Stannis Baratheon's fleet and armies both.
This is a shit idea.
I'm afraid I have to concur with my advisor, Wisdom Haylene. The contents of this room could lay King's Landing low. You won't be making wildfire for my sister any longer. You'll be making it for me.
Dracarys. Dracarys.
He'll be able to feed himself from now on.
Let him sleep, Doreah.
Yes, Khaleesi.
He loves you.
I rewove this part of the top. And I fixed the heel on this one.
Thank you, my friend.
Did you see the dress Xaro had made for you? They say he's the wealthiest man in Qarth.
It is known.
And if Qarth is the wealthiest city in Essos-
The last time a rich man gave me a dress, he was selling me to Khal Drogo.
May he ride forever through the night lands.
Xaro is our host, but we know nothing about him. Men like to talk about other men when they're happy.
You would look like a real princess in Xaro's-
She's not a princess. She's a Khaleesi. You should wear it, Khaleesi.
You are their guest. It would be rude not to.
And you must visit the night market. The Qartheen night market is like no night market you've ever seen.
It sounds wonderful.
The Meereenis think they have a night market. I will take you there myself.
Please excuse me for a moment.
What are they doing?
Malakko says the statue is too heavy to carry. Kovarro says that Malakko is an idiot. They can pry out the gems, the rest is pure gold. Very soft. He can chop off as much as we can carry.
Or melt it. Very simple.
We are his guests! You can't pry it or chop it or melt it.
Of course not, Khaleesi! We will wait until we leave.
Not even when we leave.
Why not?
Our host saved us from the Red Waste and you want to steal from him? I will hear no more.
My brother used to say the only thing the Dothraki knew how to do was steal things better men have built.
It's not the only thing. They're quite good at killing the better men.
That's not the kind of queen I'm going to be.
Mother of Dragons. On behalf of the warlocks of Qarth, I welcome you. A demonstration?
Take this gem. Look at it. Into its depths. So many facets. Look closely enough and you can see yourself in them. Often more than once.
Should you grow tired of Xaro's baubles and trinkets, it would be an honor to host you at the House of the Undying. You are always welcome, Mother of Dragons.
My apologies. Pyatt Pree is one of the Thirteen. It was customary for me to extend him an invitation. Customs die slow deaths in Qarth.
What is the House of the Undying?
It is where the warlocks go to squint at dusty books and drink shade of the evening. It turns their lips blue and their minds soft. So soft, they actually believe their parlor tricks are magic.
You watch over her.
Do I know you?
I know you. Jorah Mormont of Bear Island.
Who are you?
I'm no one. But she is the Mother of Dragons. She needs true protectors, now more than ever. They shall come day and night to see the wonder born into the world again. And when they see, they shall lust, for dragons are fire made flesh. And fire is power.
It looked like Stannis.
To me it just looked like... A shadow in the shape of a man.
In the shape of Stannis.
We should reach my son's camp tomorrow.
Will you stay there long, my lady?
Only long enough to tell Robb what I have seen. After that, I will leave for Winterfell. My two youngest need me. I've been away from them for far too long.
I never knew my mother.
I'm sorry.
My own mother died on the birthing bed when I was very young.
It's a bloody business.
What comes after is even harder.
Once you're safely back amongst your own people, will you give me leave to go, my lady?
You mean to kill Stannis.
I swore a vow.
But Stannis has a great army around him. His own guards are sworn to keep him safe.
I'm as good as any of them. I should never have fled.
Renly's death was no fault of yours. You served him bravely.
I only held him that once as he was dying.
He's gone, Brienne. You serve nothing and no one by following him into the earth. Renly's enemies are Robb's enemies as well.
I do not know your son, my lady. But I could serve you, if you would have me. You have courage. Not battle courage, perhaps, but, I don't know, a woman's kind of courage. And I think that when the time comes, you will not hold me back. Promise me that you will not hold me back from Stannis.
When the time comes, I will not hold you back.
Then I am yours, my lady. I will shield your back and give my life for yours, if it comes to that. I swear it by the Old Gods and the new.
I vow that you shall always have a place in my home and at my table and that I shall ask no service of you that might bring you dishonor. I swear it by the Old Gods and the new.
And it's not just thieves, my lord. There's wolves in them hills now, more than I ever seen. They come down in the night and they kill my sheep. My three sons is away fighting for your brother, my lord. They'll fight, keep fighting till they're told to go home. I have no one to man my flock now. Only me. I can't keep watch all day and all night.
We can send two orphan boys from Winterstown home with you to help watch over your flock if you can give them room and board.
My wife always prayed for more children. We'll look after them. Thank you, my lord. And may the gods bless you and yours.
Stop it. If that's everyone, I'm going to go for a ride before dark.
Good.
Hodor.
Hodor.
Bran! Lord Stark. Torrhen's Square is under siege.
Torrhen's Square is barely forty leagues from here. How can the Lannisters strike so far north?
Might be a raiding party led by the Mountain. Might be sellswords paid by Tywin Lannister.
We have to help them.
Most of the fighting men are away with Robb, but I can gather two hundred decent men.
Do you need so many?
If we can't protect our own bannermen, why should they protect us? Go, Ser Rodrik. Take the men you need.
Won't take long, my lord. Southerners don't do well up here.
So, what does it mean?
Ask your Maester Luwin. He's the one studying books all the time.
I did ask him. He'd never heard of a three-eyed raven.
Must not mean anything, then.
You're lying.
You might be a little lord, but don't you call me a liar.
You know what it means.
I never said I didn't.
You didn't give me an honest answer.
That's not the same as being a liar.
Well, it's not far off.
So, you've been dreaming of a three-eyed raven again? In the godswood, you told me you didn't dream. Now who's a liar? What did you see in your dream?
Something bad? Tell me, boy.
I dreamt that the sea came to Winterfell. I saw waves crashing against the gates and the water came flowing over the walls. It flooded the castle. Drowned men were floating here, in the yard. Ser Rodrik was one of them.
The sea is hundreds of miles away.
I know. It's just a stupid dream.
I've got to get these potatoes to the kitchen. Otherwise they'll put me in chains again.
Osha. The three-eyed raven, what do they say about it north of the Wall?
They say all sorts of crazy things north of the Wall.
There.
Where?
On that mountain.
I don't see very well.
A fire.
There's a fire. The people sitting around it have better eyes than yours or mine. When they see us coming, that fire becomes a signal. Gives Mance Rayder plenty of time to throw a party in our honor.
How many wildlings have joined him?
From what we can tell, all of them. Mance has gathered them all like deer against the wolves. They're almost ready to make their move.
Where?
Somewhere safe. Somewhere south. Can't just march into their midst. And we can't wait for them here with nothing but a pile of stones to protect us.
You saying we should fall back to the Wall?
Mance was one of us once. Now he's one of them. He's going to teach them our way of doing things. They'll hit us in force and they won't run away when we hit back. They're gonna be more organized than before, more disciplined, more like us. So we need to be more like them, do things their way. Sneak in, kill Mance, and scatter them to the winds before they can march on the Wall. And to do that
We need to get rid of those lookouts.
It's not a job for 400 men. I need to move fast and silent. Harker, Stonesnake, Borba.
Lord Commander, I'd like to join Lord Qhorin.
I've been called lots of things, but that might be my first Lord Qhorin. You're a steward, Snow, not a ranger.
I've fought and killed a wight. How many rangers can say that?
He's the one?
Aye. You killed a wight. You also let an old man beat you bloody and take your sword.
Craster? In the boy's defense, that's a tough old goat.
I could take up Jon's duties while he's gone, my lord. It would be no trouble.
Well, I hope you make a better ranger than you do a steward. Go on.
So, tell me, how long has your manservant been in love with you?
He's not my manservant and he's not in love with me. He's my advisor and he's my friend.
Unlikely. I can almost always tell what a man wants.
And what about what a woman wants?
Much more complicated. You, for example, what do you want?
To cross the Narrow Sea and take back the Iron Throne.
Why?
Because I promised my khalasar I'd protect them and find them a safe home.
You want to conquer the Seven Kingdoms for the Dothraki?
I want them because they're mine by right. The Iron Throne is mine and I will take it.
Ah, a conqueror.
And how did you get all of this? Did someone give it to you?
No. I come from nothing. I hit the docks like a piece of cargo, except someone normally cares what happens to cargo.
So you wanted more than you had and you took it. You're a conqueror, too. You're just less ambitious.
What do you want, Xaro Xhoan Daxos? At the gates of the city, you bled for me. Why?
I will show you why.
The door and the vault is made of Valyrian stone. The hardest steel does not make a mark. I offered the greatest locksmiths in Qarth their weight in gold if they could break into it. I made the same offer to the greatest thieves. They all went home empty-handed. The only thing that can open this door is this key.
And behind the door?
And it can all be mine?
All? Let us say half. More than enough to buy horses, ships, armies. Enough to go home.
All I have to do?
Is marry me.
That was a romantic proposal.
I've already married once for love, but the gods stole her from me. I come from nothing. My mother and father never owned a pair of shoes. But marry me, and I will give you the Seven Kingdoms and our children will be princes and princesses.
See? I have more ambition than you thought. The time is right, Daenerys Targaryen, First of Your Name. Robert Baratheon is dead.
If you cross the sea with an army you bought and a foreign husband who paid for it...
The Seven Kingdoms are at war with one another. Four false kings destroying the country.
To win Westeros, you need support from Westeros.
The usurper is dead.
The Starks fight the Lannisters, and Baratheons fight each other.
According to your new friend who earned your trust by cutting his hand?
The time to strike is now. We need to find ships and an army or we'll spend the rest of our lives rotting away at the edge of the world.
Rich men do not become rich by giving more than they get. They'll give you ships and soldiers and they'll own you forever. Moving carefully is the hard way, but it's the right way.
And if I'd listened to that advice outside the gates of Qarth, we'd all be dead by now.
I know the opportunity before you seems like the last you'll ever have, but you musT-
Do not speak to me like I'm a child.
I only want-
What do you want? Tell me.
To see you on the Iron Throne.
Why?
You have a good claim. A title. A birthright. But you have something more than that. You may cover it up and deny it, but you have a gentle heart. You would not only be respected and feared, you would be loved. Someone who can rule and should rule. Centuries come and go without a person like that coming into the world. There are times when I look at you and I still can't believe you're real.
So what would you have me do, as my advisor?
Make your own way. Find your own ship. You only need one. The allies we need are in Westeros, not Qarth.
And how do I get the ship?
I'll find it for you. A sound ship with a good captain.
I look forward to meeting him.
Khaleesi.
You should stand sideface.
Sideface?
Sideways.
Why?
Smaller target.
Am I fighting someone?
You're practicing for a fight. You should practice right.
Guards! Did you see anything? Go up there. Go and see where he fell from.
Go up the battlement.
That is strange.
Move away. Stand back. He's dead.
I've taken your castle.
Theon?
It's Prince Theon now. Get up. You have to get dressed. I've taken Winterfell. I took it. I'm occupying it. I sent men over the walls with grappling claws and ropes.
Why?
To take the castle.
You went with Robb.
And he sent me back to Pyke. I'm a Greyjoy. I can't fight for Robb and my father both. Where's Hodor?
I don't know.
Find the halfwit.
My men are bringing your people together in the courtyard.
So you and I can go down and tell them - how you've yielded Winterfell to me.
I won't.
Yes, you will.
I won't. I'll never yield. We'll fight you and throw you out.
The castle is mine. But these people are still yours. You'll yield to keep them safe, to keep them alive. That's what a good lord would do. Think carefully about what you want to say.
Theon. Did you hate us the whole time?
I've yielded Winterfell to Theon.
Louder. Say Prince Theon.
I've yielded Winterfell to Prince Theon. You all know me.
Aye, we know you for a steaming sack of shit.
Farlen, you be silent.
Listen to your little lord, Farlen. He has more sense than you do.
All of you should do as he commands.
My father has donned the ancient crown of Salt and Rock and declared himself King of the Iron Islands. He claims the North as well by right of conquest. You are all his subjects.
Bugger that. I serve the Starks. If you think you can hold the North with it-
Shut up!
If you serve me as loyally as you served Ned Stark, I will be as good to you as he ever was. Betray me, and you will wish you hadn't. Maester Luwin, send a raven to Pyke informing my father of my victory here. And one to Deepwood Motte to my sister. Inform her that she's to bring You are a maester of the Citadel, sworn to serve the Lord of Winterfell, are you not?
I am.
I am the Lord of Winterfell as Bran just informed you. Send the ravens.
My lord.
My Lord Greyjoy.
I see you've finally learned how to address your betters. What do you want? I was brought here a captive.
You were here the day I was taken.
I'm the one who took you. What of it?
Let me serve you.
Serve me how? I need fighters, not kitchen sluts.
It was Robb Stark who put me in the kitchens. Put a spear in my hand again.
So you can bury it in my neck? Do you take me for a fool? Get up.
Step aside.
It's your dream, little lord. The ocean has come to swallow this place. I ain't letting it drown me.
You'll all go about your tasks as usual. And in a few days' time-
Greyjoy!
We caught this one on his way back from Torrhen's Square. Took out two of ours before I got his sword.
Ser Rodrik, it grieves me that we meet as foes.
It grieves me you've less honor than a back alley whore. You were raised here under this roof. These people are your people.
They are not my people.
King Robb thought of you as a brother.
My brothers are dead. They died fighting Stark men, men like you.
Aye, they died fighting a war your father started. Lord Stark raised you among his own sons.
Among them, but not one of them. I was his hostage, taken from my home.
If he were alive to see this
He's not. He's dead. The Seven Kingdoms are at war. And Winterfell is mine.
I should have put a sword in your belly instead of in your hand.
You've served this house faithfully, old man. But keep talking and I'll-
Take him to the cells. Lock him up
My prince. You cannot let that stand. He must pay.
I'll lock him in a cell until he rots.
No, he has to pay the iron price. They'll never respect you while he lives.
Ser Rodrik, I sentence you to death!
No! You said no harm would come to them if I yielded.
The old man couldn't keep his mouth shut.
I urge you not to make a hasty decision.
He disrespected me in front of my men. That was his decision, not mine.
He is worth more to you alive than dead. The Starks will pay. Please, Theon, think what you do.
You'll address me as Prince Theon or you'll be next.
Come.
No! No! Theon! Please. Ser Rodrik!
He who passes the sentence should swing the sword.
I'm begging you.
Coward.
Stop. Stop! Stop right now!
You don't give commands anymore, little lord.
Please, stop this. Please stop him.
Hush now, child. I'm off to see your father.
You said no harm would come! You said no harm would come. Theon, please.
Any last words, old man?
Gods help you, Theon Greyjoy. Now you are truly lost.
Theon, please don't.
Do something!
I'll do anything, please! No, please stop it!
Ghost, stay with us. Ghost!
There goes your pet.
He's not a pet.
No, you're right, he's not. You can't tame a wild thing. You can't trust a wild thing.
Ghost is different.
So you think. Wild creatures have their own rules, their own reasons. And you'll never know them. Now the wildlings we're looking for sleep during the day and hunt at night.
I thought you said you couldn't know wild things.
I said you can't. They find a nice cave to hide in while the sun's up and do their killing when it's dark.
We could do the same.
No, we couldn't. This is their country. They know where to walk, where not to walk. I've lost good men who fell into a crevasse they didn't see till they were in it.
My father always said I'm of the North.
I wasn't joking.
Look around, boy. This look like home to you? You start thinking you know this place, it will kill you. You understand me?
No, you don't. We're at war. We've always been at war. It's never going to end 'cause we're not fighting an enemy. We're fighting the North, and it's not going anywhere. The Watch has given you a great gift. You only have one thing to give in return, your life.
I'll gladly give my life.
I don't want you to be glad about it. I want you to curse and fight until your heart's done pumping. And know this, boy. Your death will be a gift for them south of the Wall. They'll never know what you've done. They'll never know how you died. They won't even know your damn name. But they'll be alive because some nameless bastard north of the Wall gave his life for theirs. Now, do you understand me?
I do.
You're even dumber than you look. It's just words, boy, to keep us a little warmer in the night. Make us feel like we've got a purpose. Come on. We've got to find these goat fuckers before night falls and they find us.
Can you read?
My lord?
This letter detailing our infantry movements was meant for Lord Damon of House Marbrand. It was sent to Lord Marlyn of House Dormand.
My apologies, my lord. I must have-
Girl, fetch me the History of the Greater and the Lesser Houses. It's the one on this-
My cupbearer can read better than you.
To whom does House Dormand owe allegiance?
My lord, I-
To the Starks of Winterfell! Who have twenty thousand men and my son! I judged you might be good for something more than brutalizing peasants. I see I overestimated you. If you ever put my son's life at risk again, I'll Leave us.
Put the book away, girl. Maybe you should devise our next battle plan while you're about it.
Lord Petyr Baelish.
Mmm. Give us the room.
Clear all this.
Lord Tywin.
Baelish.
Wine?
Thank you.
What news from the capital?
I traveled here directly from Renly Baratheon's camp.
Ah, the late King Renly. Rather a short reign. Murdered by a woman, I hear.
So they say. There has been talk of other forces at work. Dark forces.
Here. Men love to blame demons when their grand plans unravel.
It is my belief that a moment of chaos affords opportunities lost soon after.
You say that as if you were the first man alive to think it. Yes, a crisis is an opportunity. What other brilliant insights have you brought me today?
After the Lannisters and the Starks, the Tyrells command the largest host. Their lands are the most fertile in the Seven Kingdoms, feeding horses and soldiers.
Yes, yes, yes.
The Tyrells have not yet declared for any of the surviving kings. Loras wants revenge. He blames Stannis for Renly's death. And Margaery-
Wants to be queen.
Yes, she does.
House Tyrell rebelled against the Iron Throne. Against my grandson.
They did. And perhaps that treason should be punished one day, after Stannis and Robb Stark are defeated.
More wine for Lord Baelish.
If you will allow me to represent your family's interests, I believe that an advantageous agreement TYWIN
They have.
Pardon, my lord.
It's only wine.
You would ride there yourself?
Tonight, with your leave.
I'll have an answer by nightfall. That'll be all, girl.
And what else?
On your son Tyrion's directive, I met with Catelyn Stark.
Why?
He had an interesting proposal for her concerning her daughters.
Hmm.
A girl.
A wildling.
We could question her.
You could. She won't answer. I've known a wildling to bite off his tongue instead of talking.
What's your name?
Ygritte.
She was reaching for this ax when you got to her. Give her half a chance, she'll bury it in your face.
I gave you my name.
I'm Jon Snow.
You ought to burn them you killed.
We'd need a big fire for that. Tell me, Ygritte. Why do you want us to build a big fire? Are there some more friends in the area?
Burn them or maybe you'll need those swords again.
Our boy here's already killed one dead man. He can do it again if he has to. What waits beyond the pass?
The Free Folk.
How many?
Hundreds and thousands. More than you've ever seen, crow.
Why come to the mountains? What's in the Frostfangs your king could want?
Do you mean to march on the Wall?
Do you know who I am, girl?
Qhorin Halfhand.
Tell me true. If your people captured me, would they take me prisoner?
They'd take your head off your shoulders if they was feeling kind. If not, they'd kill you slow.
We have no food for her. Can't spare a man to watch her. Can't let her go. She'll bring Mance Rayder's army down on us. It needs to be done. Want me to do it?
No. No, I'll do it.
Come, brothers. We'll leave him to it. We'll meet you at the top. Don't take too long. We're deep in their country now.
You never killed a woman before, did you? You don't need to do it. Mance would take you. I know he would. There's secret ways. The crows would never catch us.
I'm as much a crow as they are.
Will you burn me? After?
Can't. Someone might see the smoke.
Strike hard and true, Jon Snow, or I'll come back and haunt you. That's cold.
Go on. Be quick about it.
Do it. Bastard, do it!
You can't do it. We both know it.
The sun's going down, Jon Snow. And your friends are nowhere close.
I'll find them.
Call for them. Go on. Call loudly.
May the Seven guide the princess on her journey. May the Mother give her health. May the crone give her wisdom. May the warrior give her courage.
One day I pray you love someone. I pray you love her so much, when you close your eyes, you see her face. I want that for you. I want you to know what it's like to love someone, to truly love someone. Before I take her from you.
You sound like a little cat mewling for his mother. Princes don't cry.
I saw you cry.
Did you say something, my lady?
My little brother cried when I left Winterfell.
So?
It seems a normal thing.
Is your little brother a prince?
No.
Not really relevant then, is it? Come, dog.
Hail Joffrey! Hail to the King. Seven blessings on you, Your Grace.
Murderer! Bastard!
All hail the King.
He's no king.
He's a bastard!
Please, Your Grace, we're hungry.
Freak.
Get the Prince back to the Keep now.
Yes, my lord. Come, quickly.
Please, Your Grace, give us some food!
Bread, Your Grace, please!
Who threw that? I want the man who threw that. Find who did that and bring him to me!
Hold on!
Hold them back!
Just kill them! Kill them all!
Move. Move!
Pull back!
Tear him to pieces!
What are you doing? I want these people executed!
And they want the same for you.
Where's Sansa?
Through the door.
Come on.
Push hard.
Protect the king!
Get back!
Fall back! Keep him safe!
Come in! Come in!
Keep him safe!
Motherfucker! Brotherfucker!
Watch out. Hold them back.
Hey.
Traitors! I'll have all their heads.
Oh, you blind, bloody fool!
You can't insult me.
We've had vicious kings and we've had idiot kings, but I don't know if we've ever been cursed with a vicious idiot for a king.
You can't-
I can, I am.
They attacked me!
They threw a cow pie at you, so you decided to kill them all? They're starving, you fool! All because of a war you started.
You're talking to a king!
And now I've struck a king. Did my hand fall from my wrist? Where is the Stark girl?
Let them have her!
If she dies, you'll never get your Uncle Jaime back! You owe him quite a bit, you know.
Where are you going?
You ever been fucked, little girl? Come here.
Take some men and go and find the Stark girl.
I take my orders from the king.
Where? This way.
Please! No! No!
Please!
You're all right now, little bird. You're all right.
We'll get you.
This way.
Are you hurt, my lady?
The little birdo s bleeding. Someone take her back to her cage. See to that cut.
Well done, Clegane.
I didn't do it for you.
He shouldn't make me wait.
The Spice King is the second wealthiest man in Qarth. He makes everyone wait. Of course, you could have avoided this embarrassment if you married the wealthiest man in Qarth.
I already have a husband.
Khal Drogo is gone, Khaleesi. You are far too young to be a widow forever and far too beautiful.
And you are far too smart to think that I will succumb to flattery.
I have traveled very far in my life and met many women, but none that are immune to flattery.
The Mother of Dragons!
Ah, here he comes.
Forgive me. I had terrible dreams last night. Terrible dreams. I could not sleep until the sun was shining and the birds were singing. Look what a beauty you are now the Red Waste has been washed off you. I am sorry about all that unpleasantness. The silver hair of a true Targaryen. Xaro Xhoan Daxos, she is far too lovely for a glorified dockworker like yourself.
Very true, and yet they say that your grandfather, who sold pepper off the back of a wagon, married a lady far lovelier and higher born than himself.
Every lady alive was lovelier and higher born than my grandfather. Did my servants not offer you something to eat, to drink? I'll have them flogged in the square.
Thank you, my lord. You are a gracious host, but there is no servant alive that can bring me what I want.
Oh, she has a talent for drama, this one. So, my little princess, what is it you want?
My birthright. The Seven Kingdoms of Westeros.
I fear I'm no better than a servant in this regard. I cannot give you what I do not have.
I'm not asking you for the kingdoms. I'm asking you for ships.
I need to cross the Narrow Sea. I need my ships as well. I use them, you see, to bring spices from one port to another.
Whatever you grant me now will be repaid three times over when I retake the Iron Throne.
Retake? Did you once sit on the Iron Throne?
My father sat there, before he was murdered.
But if you did not sit on it yourself, would it not be correct to say "take the Iron Throne"?
I didn't come here to argue grammar.
Of course not. You came to take my ships. So let me explain my position, little princess. Unlike you, I do not have exalted ancestors. I make my living by trade. And I judge every trade on its merits. You ask for ships. You say I shall be repaid triple. I do not doubt your honesty or your intentions. But before you repay your debts, you must seize the Seven Kingdoms. Do you have an army?
Not yet.
You do not have an army. Do you have powerful allies in Westeros?
There are many there that support my claim.
When were you there last?
I left when I was a baby.
So, in truth, you have no allies.
The people will rise to fight for their rightful queen when I return.
Ah. Forgive me, little princess, but I cannot make an investment based on wishes and dreams. Now if you'll pardon me.
Do you know lllyrio Mopatis, Magister of Pentos? Yes, we've met.
A shrewd man.
For my wedding, he gave me three petrified dragon eggs. He believed The world believed that the ages had turned them to stone. How many centuries has it been since dragons roamed the skies? But I dreamt that if I carried those eggs into a great fire, they would hatch. When I stepped into the fire, my own people thought I was mad. But when the fire burned out, I was unhurt, the Mother of Dragons.
Do you understand? I'm no ordinary woman. My dreams come true.
I admire your passion. But in business, I trust in logic, not passion. I'm sorry, little princess.
I am not your little princess. I am Daenerys Stormborn of the blood of Old Valyria, and I will take what is mine. With fire and blood, I will take it.
Yes, my lady, but not with my ships.
Who taught you to read?
My father, my lord.
Hmm. I taught my son Jaime to read. The maester came to me one day, told me he wasn't learning. He couldn't make sense of the letters. He reversed them in his head. The maester said he'd heard tell of this affliction and that we simply must accept it. Ha! After that, I sat Jaime down for four hours every day until he learned. He hated me for it, for a time. For a long time. But he learned. Hmm. Where is your father? Is he alive? Who was he?
A stonemason.
A stonemason who could read? Hmm.
He taught himself.
Quite a man. What killed him?
Loyalty.
You're a sharp little thing, aren't you?
Did... Forgive me, my lord. I shouldn't ask questions.
No. But you've already begun.
Did you know your father, my lord?
I did. I grew up with him. I watched him grow old.
He loved us. He was a good man, but a weak man. A weak man who nearly destroyed our house and name. I'm cold.
I'll fetch more wood for the fire, my lord.
Mmm.
Where are you going, girl?
The armory, my lord.
Why?
Lord Tywin sent me.
What might this be?
Lord Tywin gave it to me.
What for?
To take to the armory.
Why would he do that? Let's go and ask him.
Move! Get out of the way!
Amory Lorch.
A girl has named a second name. A man will do what must be done.
Now!
A girl cannot tell a man when exactly he must do a thing. A man cannot make a thing happen before its time.
But he's going to tell Tywin. He's getting away. It has to be now.
Guard!
Your Grace.
My honor, Your Grace.
Your Grace.
Quent.
Lady Talisa.
Your Grace. I'm not sure I'm a lady. Westerosi customs are still a bit foreign to me.
It's hard to keep all the rules straight. But if I remember my lessons, a woman of noble birth is always called a lady. Unless she's a queen or a princess. I could find someone who knows.
Why are you so sure I'm of noble birth?
Because it's obvious.
What if I told you my father sold lace on the Long Bridge, and my mother, my brother, and I lived with him above our shop?
I'd call you a liar.
Not very noble to accuse a lady of dishonesty.
I always thought I was a brilliant liar.
Better at amputations, I'm afraid.
Quite a pretty spot.
Will we be here long?
I couldn't really discuss troop movements with you.
I'm not a spy.
Of course, a spy would deny being a spy.
You're right. You've found me out. I'm writing a letter to the Lannisters. "The Young Wolf is on the move. "
Perhaps you'd join me... If you've got time, of course, for, well-
Robb.
Mother. Mother, this is Lady Talisa. She's been helping with the wounded. She's been very... helpful.
Lady Talisa.
Lady Stark.
Lady Talisa...?
Maegyr.
Maegyr? Forgive me, I do not know this name.
An uncommon name here. An old name in Volantis. Excuse me, my lady. Your Grace.
I've missed you.
Yes, you look positively forlorn.
You surprised me, that's all. I didn't think I'd see you today.
I wish that you were free to follow your heart.
I know.
You have inherited your father's responsibilities. I'm afraid they come at a cost. You are promised to another.
A debt that must be paid.
I haven't forgotten.
Your Grace. My lady. News from Winterfell.
Your brothers desert you? I can tell you which way to go.
We'll stop here. Too dark to go any farther today.
Here? There's no shelter here.
There's no shelter anywhere.
There is if you know where to look. The cold could kill us both. If you light a fire-
No fire.
But a fire is-
Have it your way.
We'll stay warmer if we stay close.
Bet you freeze to death before I do. Bet your life.
Think they're out looking for you?
Yes.
Think they'll find you?
You're brave. Stupid, but brave.
We start again at first light. Get some sleep.
Stop moving.
I'm just trying to get comfortable.
Stop it!
You're still moving.
Was I? I didn't notice that time.
This cannot be true.
We've had ravens from White Harbor, Barrowton and the Dreadfort. I'm afraid it is true.
Why? Why would Theon-
Because the Greyjoys are treasonous whores.
My brothers?
We've heard nothing of them. But Rodrik Cassel is dead.
I told you, never trust a Greyjoy!
I must go north at once.
There's still a war to win, Your Grace.
How can I call myself king if I can't hold my own castle? How can I ask men to follow me if I can't-
You are a king. And that means you don't have to do everything yourself.
Let me go and talk to Theon.
There will be no talk. He will die for this.
Theon holds the castle with a skeleton crew. Let me send word to my bastard at the Dreadfort. He can raise a few hundred men and retake Winterfell before the new moon. We have the Lannisters on the run. If you march all the way back north now, you'll lose what you gained. My boy would be honored to bring you Prince Theon's head.
Tell your son Bran and Rickon's safety is paramount. And Theon, I want him brought to me alive. I want to look him in the eye and ask him why. And then I'll take his head myself.
Why on earth would I trust the word of a lying little savage like you?
I'm no liar.
All wildlings are liars and savages with no loyalty to anything or anyone.
I done what I had to do to stay alive. I hate the Starks as well as you do. Let me serve you, my lord.
How? And don't tell me to put a spear in your hand.
There are other ways to serve, my lord.
I'm a prince now, and you'd do well-
There are other ways to serve, my prince.
Like what?
We know things, the free people.
You know things? Like what? How to eat dirt?
Other things.
Savage things.
Wait outside.
I always wondered what you had under there.
It comes at a price.
I'm not killing you. That's your price.
I already had that.
What do you want then, other than your miserable life?
What all free people want. My freedom.
Well, you shall have it, then. But only if you serve me well.
Ow!
Shh. It's not deep.
I thought they were going to kill me.
They thought so, too.
He hated me, the man who hit me. I saw it in his eyes. Hated me. He never met me before, but he wanted to hurt me.
Of course he did.
Why? Why would a stranger-
You are everything he will never have. Your horse eats better than his children. It doesn't matter now. He's dead.
I would have given them bread if I had it. I hate the king more than any of them.
Don't say these things. If the wrong people hear you-
But you're not the wrong people.
Don't trust anybody. Life is safer that way.
And where are you going?
I have something for you from Prince Theon.
What?
Me. He says I'm to make the rounds. And keep you warm.
The Spice King refuses me because I'm a bad investment. The Silk King won't support me because of his business with the Lannisters. Why offend his best customer? And the Copper King offers me a single ship on the condition that I lie with him for a night. Does he think I will whore myself for a boat?
When I came to this city, I had nothing. Truly nothing. I slept by the docks. And when I could find work loading the ships, I would eat. If not, I dreamed of food. Today, I am the richest man in Qarth. Do you think the path from poverty to wealth is always pure and honorable? I have done many things, Khaleesi, that a righteous man would condemn. And here I am, with no regrets.
Bar the gates. Ring the bells. Slowly, Khaleesi.
Where are they? Where are my dragons?
A cripple? You let a cripple escape? The boy can't walk, but somehow he slipped past you?
The giant must have took him.
The giant? Hodor? Oh, that's all right, then. You let a halfwit escape with a cripple. And Rickon, too? The little one?
Gone, along with the wildling woman. The one you were fucking.
Right. Get the horses and the hounds.
Come on, find the scent. Where they going?
Halt!
Enjoying your first hunt?
So far, hunting seems very similar to riding, my lord.
With hunting, there's blood at the end.
They're little boys.
I was a little boy when I was torn away from my home and brought here. So I kept my word. I never ran away. If I find them soon enough, I won't hurt them. Well, I'll hurt them, but I won't kill them.
Those boys are of far more value to you alive than dead.
They have no value to me missing.
Robb will have sent a force to retake Winterfell by now.
Robb's in the Riverlands. My sister's in Deepwood Motte. She'll get here long before they do. And Ned Stark always said 500 men could hold Winterfell again 10,000.
We have a scent!
The hounds have the scent. Come, Maester, don't look so grim. It's all just a game.
We should have took more food.
We couldn't risk going to the kitchens.
Those people all love you. They would have given you whatever you needed.
And if Theon found out, he'd hang them.
The boy can't survive on walnuts.
I'm fine.
We've been walking since before sunrise. Even Hodor will tire.
Hodor.
Even you, sweet giant.
Wait, I know that farm. I sent those two Winterfell orphans there.
Jack and Billy. They'll give us some food.
We can't risk it. If Theon tracks us here, he'll torture them until he finds out where we are.
Billy climbs a tree better than anyone.
You've never seen me climb a tree, little man.
They'll be after us with hounds.
We got a good start on them, but we can't outrun hounds forever.
Did you pull a knife on me in the night?
What's the matter? Can't be the first time you pressed your bone against a woman's arse.
Let's move.
It is the first time. How old are you, boy?
I'm a man of the Night's Watch.
You're a boy who's never been with a girl. Don't your stones start to hurt if your bone never gets-
Don't call them that.
What, stones? Or bone?
Neither. Both.
Move!
I heard they get all swollen and bruised if you don't use them. Of course, maybe that's just what the lads say when they want me feeling sorry for them. As if I'd feel sorry for them. Are there no girl crows?
There are no women of the Night's Watch, no.
So the lads just do it with each other?
No.
Never?
Never. We swore an oath.
You have sheep at the Wall? With your hands, then? No wonder you're all so miserable.
Would you please shut up?
Would you please shut up? You think you're better than me, crow. I'm a free woman.
You're a free woman?
I might be your prisoner, but I'm a free woman.
If you're my prisoner, you're not a free woman. That's what "prisoner" means.
And you think you're free? You swore some stupid oath and now you can never touch a girl.
It was my choice to say the words.
So you don't like girls?
Of course I like girls.
But you chose never to touch them.
That's the price you pay if you want to be a man of the Night's Watch.
So instead of getting naked with a girl, you'd prefer to invade our lands-
Invade your lands? Wildlings raid our lands all the time. Some of them tried to kill my little brother, a crippled boy!
They're not your lands! We've been here the whole time. You lot came along and just put up a big wall and said it was yours.
My father was Ned Stark. I have the blood of the First Men. My ancestors lived here, same as yours.
So why are you fighting us?
Go on. Now I want you to tell me what happened. Come on, this way. Come on, speak up. Speak up.
Wolfsbane. A rare substance. This is no common assassin.
We hanged twenty men last night.
I don't care if you hanged a hundred. A man tried to kill me. I want his name and I want his head.
We think it was an infiltrator from the Brotherhood Without Banners.
Pretentious name for a band of outlaws. We can't allow rebels behind our lines to harass us with impunity. We look like fools and they look like heroes. That's how kings fall. I want them dead, every one.
Killing them isn't the problem. It's finding them. Have you gone soft, Clegane? I always thought you had a talent for violence.
Burn the villages, burn the farms. Let them know what it means to choose the wrong side.
Mmm. Is that mutton?
Yes, my lord.
Don't like mutton.
I'll bring something else.
Leave it. Are you hungry?
No.
Of course you are. Eat.
I'll eat in the kitchen later.
It's bad manners to refuse a lordo s offer. Sit. Eat.
You're small for your age. I suppose you've been underfed your whole life.
I eat a lot. I just don't grow.
Mmm. This will be my last war. Win or lose.
Have you ever lost before?
Do you think I'd be in my position if I had lost a war?
But this is the one I'll be remembered for. The War of the Five Kings, they're calling it. My legacy will be determined in the coming months.
Do you know what legacy means? It's what you pass down to your children and your children's children. It's what remains of you when you're gone. Harren the Black thought this castle would be his legacy. The greatest fortress ever built.
The tallest towers, the strongest walls. The Great Hall had thirty-five hearths. Thirty-five. Can you imagine? Look at it now. A blasted ruin. Do you know what happened?
Dragons?
Yes. Dragons happened.
Harrenhal was built to withstand an attack from the land. A million men could have marched on these walls, and a million men would have been repelled. But an attack from the air with dragon fire, Mmm-mmm. Harren and all his sons roasted alive within these walls. Aegon Targaryen changed the rules. That's why every child alive still knows his name
Aegon and his sisters.
Mmm?
It wasn't just Aegon riding his dragon. It was Rhaenys and Visenya, too.
Correct. A student of history, are you?
Rhaenys rode Meraxes. Visenya rode Vhagar.
I'm sure I knew that when I was a boy.
Visenya Targaryen was a great warrior. She had a Valyrian steel sword she called Dark Sister.
Hmm. She's a heroine of yours, I take it?
Aren't most girls more interested in the pretty maidens from the songs? Jonquil with the flowers in her hair?
Most girls are idiots.
You remind me of my daughter. Where did you learn all this stuff about Visenya and her Valyrian steel sword?
From my father.
He was a well-read stonemason. Can't say I've ever met a literate stonemason.
Have you met many stonemasons, my lord?
Careful now, girl. I enjoy you, but be careful. Take that back to the kitchen. Eat what you want.
And, girl.
M'lord.
Lowborn girls say "m'lord," not "my lord. " If you're going to pose as a commoner, you should do it properly.
My mother served Lady Dustin for many years, my lord. She taught me how to speak proper Properly.
You're too smart for your own good. Has anyone told you that?
Yes.
Go on.
I beg pardon, ser. I should have come to you after to thank you for saving me. You were so brave.
Brave? A dog doesn't need courage to chase off rats.
Does it give you joy to scare people?
No, it gives me joy to kill people.
Spare me. You can't tell me Lord Eddard Stark of Winterfell never killed a man.
It was his duty. He never liked it.
Is that what he told you? He lied. Killing is the sweetest thing there is.
Why are you always so hateful?
You'll be glad of the hateful things I do someday when you're queen and I'm all that stands between you and your beloved king.
I've demanded a meeting of the Thirteen. One of them did this or knows who did.
You are one of the Thirteen.
If I wanted your dragons, I would have taken them. They mean nothing to me on their own.
Nothing? They're more valuable than anything in the world.
Shall we look inside my vault and see what selling your dragons would buy me I cannot buy already? We will get them back.
There is no we, so why would you help me get them back?
I took you under my protection in front of the rulers of my city. A man is what others say he is and no more. If they say that Xaro Xhoan Daxos is a liar, my word is worth nothing. I cannot let this thing happen to you under my roof.
But it did happen under your roof.
Khaleesi, many times in my life, I have been-
I don't care where you've been.
You think we're savages because we don't live in stone castles. We can't make steel as good as yours, it's true, but We're free. If someone tried to tell us we couldn't lie down as man and woman, we'd shove a spear up his arse. We don't go serving some shit king who's only king because his father was.
No. No, you serve Mance Rayder, the King beyond the Wall.
We chose Mance Rayder to lead us. He was a crow, same as you, but he wanted to be free. You could be free, too. You don't need to live your whole life taking commands from old men. Wake up when you want to wake up. I could show you the streams to fish, the woods to hunt. Build yourself a cabin and find a woman to lie with in the night.
You're a pretty lad. The girls would claw each other's eyes out to get naked with you.
Walk.
I could teach you how to do it.
I know how to do it.
You know nothing, Jon Snow.
And what did she say?
She admired your spirit, Your Grace.
And what then?
She, uh...
If every man were held accountable for the actions of every distant relative, Ser Alton, we'd all hang.
She tore the paper in half, Your Grace.
You've acted with honor. I thank you for it. Lord Karstark, see that Ser Alton's pen is clean, and give him a hot supper.
Ser Alton's pen is occupied, Your Grace. The prisoners from the Yellow Fork.
Too many prisoners.
Is there room for Ser Alton?
Does he need to lie down?
Have the men build him a new pen. Put him in with the Kingslayer for now. Have your boy watch over them.
Torrhen.
That will be all.
Your Grace. A minute of your time?
I've been treating your wounded men.
And my enemies, as some of my bannermen are fond of mentioning.
They're not my enemies.
That's what I tell my bannermen.
I've already run through the supplies I brought with me. Some are easily replaced. Egg yolks, turpentine, oil of roses.
But some are not.
I need silk for stitching.
I need fennel root for those with fever, willow bark. Mostly I need milk of the poppy. You saw what it was like to amputate a foot without any. I assume there will be more loss of limb before this war is over.
If you need help finding these-
I know where to find them. I'm sorry, I shouldn't interrupt you.
Continue, my lady.
You're riding to the Crag to negotiate a surrender?
Yes.
The Crag will have a maester and he will have what I need.
I expect he will.
If I could write a list-
Come with me to the Crag.
I don't think that will be-
Let the maester show you his stores. I want the wounded men to be treated well, all the wounded men.
Children, come inside, quick. Come on.
Hurry up!
Can't find anything, ser. They've lost the scent.
Try again.
We've circled this farmhouse twice. There's no sign of them.
We could start the search fresh in the morning, my lord.
I'm looking at spending the rest of my life being treated like a fool and a eunuch by my own people. Ask yourself, is there anything I wouldn't do to stop that from happening? The hounds will find the scent again. I'll beat them until they do. I'll whip every man here until I have both those boys in hand. And once I've got them, the pampered little shits It's better to be cruel than weak.
Prince Theon.
Where are they?
Who, m'lord?
The Stark boys. Where are they?
I don't know. I seen no one.
Think harder.
I swear, m'lord. I don't know.
My lord, over here. I think I've found what we're looking for.
Send the old man home.
Go back to Winterfell. Take him back.
Theon, don't do this.
You came back.
As soon as I heard. Do you know anything?
Irri is dead.
I know. She was a good-
She's dead. She died alone. She died for me and I couldn't protect her.
Doreah?
We can't find her. She must be dead, too. I led my people out of the Red Waste and into the slaughterhouse.
I should have been here.
You went to find me a ship.
My place is by your side. I shouldn't have left you alone with these people.
These people"?
They are not to be trusted.
And who is to be trusted? Who are my people? The Targaryens? I only knew one, my brother, and he would have let a thousand men rape me if it had got him the crown. The Dothraki? Most of them turned on me the day that Khal Drogo fell from his horse.
Your people are in Westeros.
The people in Westeros don't know I'm alive.
They will soon enough.
And then what? They'll pray for my return? They'll wave dragon banners and shout my name? That's what my brother believed and he was a fool.
You are not your brother. Trust me, Khaleesi.
There it is. "Trust me. " And it's you I should trust, Ser Jorah? Only you? I don't need trust any longer. I don't want it and I don't have room for it.
You are too young to be so-
And you are too familiar.
Forgive me, Khaleesi. No one can survive in this world without help. No one. Let me help you, please. Tell me how.
Find my dragons.
How long till we get back to your crows?
We're close.
What, a day? A half-day? You don't know, do you? Do you even know where they are?
What do you think they'll say when they hear about you and me?
Nothing happened between you and me.
I swear it, Old Master King Crow, ser, we were only close together for warmth. And then I felt it, right up against me backside like a club. I can show you the bruise on me tailbone. And before I knew what was where, his his Well, it was all out in the open, all angry as you like. And I didn't want to want it, but oh, I did! And he spread me legs and ruined. The shame of it. Now I can never marry a perfumed lord. What will me poor savage father say?
Turn back around.
And I thought that we were done, but he said, ''Turn back around.'" I'll tell you what, Jon Snow. Since it's gonna be your word against mine, and since you can't talk about it without blushing, we may as well just-
What, right here in the muck?
I'll keep you warm enough.
Are you that afraid of it?
That's enough.
It's nice and wet and warm.
Enough!
It don't have teeth.
All right! All right. Gods, you're dull.
Should have took me while you had the chance.
No, no!
No. Oh, no.
It's all right. Give me that.
If the Queen sees, I can have Joffrey's children now.
Help me flip it over.
Where are you going?
To tell Her Grace.
You'll say nothing to anyone. Do you understand?
Your mother might have prepared you. You flowered, my dear. No more.
My mother told me, but I thought it would be different.
In what way?
I thought it would be less messy.
Wait until you birth a child.
You're a woman now. Do you have any idea what that means?
I'm fit to bear children for the king?
A prospect that once delighted you, bringing little princes and princesses into the world, the greatest honor for a queen.
Joffrey has always been difficult. Even his birth, I labored a day and a half to bring him into this world. You cannot imagine the pain. I screamed so loudly, I was sure Robert would hear me in the Kingswood.
His Grace was not with you?
Robert was hunting. That was his custom. Whenever my time was near, my royal husband would flee to the trees with his huntsmen and his hounds. And when he returned, he would present me with some pelts or a stag's head, and I would present him with a baby. Not that I wanted him there, mind you. I had Grand Maester Pycelle, an army of midwives, and I had my brother. When they told Jaime he wasn't allowed in the birthing room, he smiled and asked which one of them proposed to keep him out. Joffrey will show you no such devotion.
You may never love the king, but you will love his children.
I love His Grace with all my heart.
That's so very touching to hear. Permit me to share some womanly wisdom with you on this very special day. The more people you love, the weaker you are. You'll do things for them that you know you shouldn't do. You'll act the fool to make them happy, to keep them safe. Love no one but your children. On that front, a mother has no choice.
But shouldn't I love Joffrey, Your Grace?
You can try, little dove.
Who did you say your mother was again?
Cinda Lannister.
Is she the fat one?
Well, perhaps she's gotten a little larger than she-
No, no. There's only one fat Lannister. If she was your mother, you'd know it.
I squired for you once, you know.
When?
The tournament, the day of Willem Frey's wedding.
I went to Willem Frey's wedding?
You did. Your squire had gotten so drunk the night before that he threw up.
He threw up on his horse on the way to the tourney grounds. What was his name?
Bryan.
Poor lad. That was my brother's doing, I seem to recall. I remember you. You'd never squired for anyone before.
That's right. I ran up and volunteered. "Let me, my lord. Let me." My father was furious. Afraid I'd embarrass our family in front of the Family.
You didn't, though.
You really remember?
You knew when you were needed and when to go away. It's a rare talent. Most of my squires, they mean well, but young men with big jobs, they tend to overdo them.
When I think back to that day-
Shh!
You were saying?
I- Never mind. It's embarrassing.
More embarrassing than being chained to a post covered in your own shit?
I remember everything about that day, your helmet, your horse, the rake lines in the dirt along the list, where the sun was in the sky when you knocked Balon from his horse, and the dent in your shield when you handed it back to me. I'll remember it all until I die. That was the best day of my life. And I remember being on the field after it was over. All the competitors were done. I was the last one out there. And I couldn't leave. I couldn't bring myself to go and sit with my family at a table so far on the edge of the feast you could barely even see the bride. And I couldn't bear to tell them what it had been like squiring for you, when I knew that they could never have the faintest idea what I was talking about.
I understand completely.
How could you? Sorry, I I didn't mean to doubt you.
It's just that I, I was sixteen once. I also had to replace someone's squire on short notice.
Which knight was it?
Barristan Selmy. The fight against the Kingswood Outlaws. Before your time.
What was he like?
He was a painter. A painter who only used red. I couldn't imagine being able to fight like that, not back then. And to help him do that, to be a part of something that perfect. I don't need to explain how that felt, not to you.
It's hard to put into words.
It's like stepping into a dream you've been dreaming for as long as you can remember, and finding out that the dream is more real than your life.
Leaving that battlefield was like being dragged off to prison.
Did you squire for him again?
No. I didn't have your gift. He couldn't take a step without stepping on me. I was awful, a complete liability. Until one of the outlaws decided to take on a sixteen-year-old squire.
It's a good thing I am who I am. I'd have been useless at anything else. I'm not well-suited for imprisonment. Shocking, I know. Some men are. Ned Stark, I imagine he made an excellent prisoner right up until the end. Not me, though. My life has left me uniquely unfit for constraint.
And have you thought about
Of course. Every day.
And?
Good prisoners breed good jailers, apparently. The Starks are very careful.
But there is a way, I think. It wasn't possible until now.
What is it?
It's actually quite simple.
Well, let me help you.
You'll only have to do one thing.
Tell me.
You'll have to die.
Jorah the Andal. This man must sail past old Valyria. All who travel too close to the doom must have protection.
I didn't come here for lessons.
No, you came for the dragons.
You have them? Where are they?
Draw your sword. See what your steel is worth. You want to please the Mother of Dragons.
You love her.
Where are the dragons?
Will you betray her again, Jorah the Andal?
Will you betray her again?
Never.
The thief you seek is with her now.
I did not leave the comfort of my home to come to yours and be called a thief.
No one is calling you a thief. Who is she to accuse us?
Please, they're my children. I'm begging you.
Begging us? It wasn't very long ago you were threatening us.
Without me, the dragons will die.
It will be for the best. Your dragons will bring the world nothing but death and misery, my dear. If I knew where they were, I would not tell you.
You are cruel, my friend. The Mother of Dragons is in the right. She must be reunited with her babies. I will help you, Khaleesi.
How?
I will take you to the House of the Undying where I have put them.
You have my dragons?
When I learned you were coming to our city, I made an arrangement with the King of Qarth. He procured them for me.
But there is no King of Qarth.
There is now. That was the other half of the arrangement.
You would keep your gates and your minds closed to everything outside your walls, but Qarth cannot remain the greatest city that ever was if it refuses to change. I will open Qarth to the world as I have forced it to open itself to me.
Your ambition is an inspiration. But like all upstarts, you overreach. Three dragons the size of cats and an alliance with a charlatan do not make you a king.
An upstart and a charlatan? Empires have been built by less. Those on the margins often come to control the center, and those in the center make room for them, willingly or otherwise.
The Mother of Dragons will be with her babies. She will give them her love and they will thrive by her side, forever.
A mother should be with her children.
Where will you run to, Daenerys Stormborn? Your dragons wait for you in the House of the Undying. Come see them.
Lady Stark!
No farther.
Keep your hands off me, woman.
Don't enter without an invitation, man.
Forgive me. Lady Stark.
What is it?
They caught the Kingslayer.
Kingslayer!
Kill the fucking Kingslayer!
Hang him!
You'll die today.
Justice for the Karstark.
Gut him!
Get back! I want his head! Any man who stands between a father and his vengeance asks for death.
Lord Karstark, this man is our prisoner.
This monster killed my son.
And crippled mine. He will answer for his crimes, I promise you, but not here.
I will have his head. And if you try and stop me
You will strike me down? Have you forgotten me, ser? I am the widow of your liege, Lord Eddard Stark. I am the mother of your king!
And where is our king now?
You know very well.
He has gone to the Crag to accept the surrender. Aye, gone to the Crag, but not to negotiate. He brought that foreign bitch with him.
How dare you!
Threatening my lady is an act of treason.
Treason? How can it be treason to kill Lannisters?
I understand your grief, my lord, better than most, I understand it. But in the name of my son, the King in the North, stand down.
When your son returns, I will demand this murderer's head.
Wise men do not make demands of kings.
Fathers who love their sons do. I will have his head.
Thank you for fighting on my behalf, Lady Stark. I would have come to your defense, but-
Take him to the stockades. Bind him with every chain you can find!
You've become a real she-wolf in your later years. There's not much fish left in you.
And gag him!
Since when do you light your own candles?
Since I decided that I can't stand to look at any of my handmaidens for another instant.
How many times can you read one raven scroll?
Stannis Baratheon's fleet has been spotted sailing north past Tarth, two hundred ships.
More than we have.
Yes, that's more than we have. He'll be at our gates within five days, four if he has the wind.
We have strong, high walls. We'll rain fire down on them from above.
Rain fire on them from above." You're quoting Father, aren't you?
Why not? He has a good mind for strategy, doesn't he?
Call it tactics, not strategy. But, yes, he does have a good mind for it. The best mind, some would say. Sadly, he's not here. It's just you, me and Joffrey, the Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm.
I'm sure you'll make a point eventually.
He needs to start acting like a king. This war you started is coming to our doorstep. And if the entire city wants Joffrey dead
I'm not the one giving the boy whores to abuse.
I thought the girls might help him.
Did you?
I was wrong. If we can't control him
Do you think I haven't tried? He doesn't listen to me.
It's hard to put a leash on a dog once you've put a crown on its head.
I always hoped he'd be like Jaime. He looks like him. In a certain light.
The boy is more Robert than Jaime.
Robert was a drunken fool, but he didn't enjoy cruelty. Sometimes I wonder. What? If this is the price for what we've done, for our sins.
Sins?
The Targaryens wed brother and sister for hundreds of years, I know. That's what Jaime and I would say to each other in our moments of doubt. It's what I told Ned Stark when he was stupid enough to confront me. Half the Targaryens went mad, didn't they? What's the saying? "Every time a Targaryen is born, the Gods flip a coin."
You've beaten the odds. Tommen and Myrcella are good, decent children, both of them.
Then why wait?
We're sworn to the king.
There's not a king.
That's treason.
So is saving Lannisters, yeah?
Back off, you.
No, I won't.
Your son returns at dawn, my lady?
So they say.
The Kingslayer won't last the night. The more they drink, the angrier they'll get. And when the Karstarks draw their swords Who wants to die defending a Lannister?
Come.
I need to be alone with him.
My lady, our orders-
Your orders, which I just gave you, are to leave me alone with him.
Come to say goodbye, Lady Stark? I believe it's my last night in this world. Is that a woman?
Do you hear them out there? They want your head.
Old Lord Karstark doesn't seem to like me.
You strangled his son with your chains.
Oh. Oh. Was he the one on guard duty? He was in my way. Any knight would have done the same.
You are no knight. You have forsaken every vow you ever took.
So many vows. They make you swear and swear. Defend the king, obey the king, obey your father, protect the innocent, defend the weak. But what if your father despises the king? What if the king massacres the innocent? It's too much. No matter what you do, you're forsaking one vow or another. Where did you find this beast?
She is a truer knight than you will ever be, Kingslayer.
Kingslayer. What a king he was. Here's to Aerys Targaryen, the Second of His Name, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, Protector of the Realm, and to the sword I shoved in his back.
You are a man without honor.
Do you know, I've never been with any woman but Cersei. So in my own way, I have more honor than poor old dead Ned. What was the name of that bastard he fathered?
Brienne.
No, that wasn't it. Snow, a bastard from the North. Now, when When good old Ned came home with some whore's baby, did you pretend to love it? No. You're not very good at pretending. You're an honest woman. You hated that boy, didn't you? How could you not hate him? The walking, talking reminder that the honorable Lord Eddard Stark fucked another woman.
Your sword.
I told you what would happen. All of you. I told you what would happen if you served me loyally. And what would happen if you did not.
What are you doing? What have you done?
If there are any who still question whether your new lord means what he says, here is the answer to your question.
No!
Riders approaching!
Open the gate!
Why, it's the Prince of Winterfell.
Envy isn't attractive.
What envy?
You should be proud of your brother's achievement. I took the great castle of Winterfell with twenty men.
You're a great warrior. I saw the bodies above your gates. Which one gave you the tougher fight, the cripple or the six-year-old?
I treated the Stark boys with honor, and they repaid me with treachery.
You treated them with honor? By butchering them?
Before I had to kill them- I treated them-
You seized their home, as is your right. We're Ironborn, we take what we need.
Exactly.
Then you made them prisoners in their home and they ran away. Is that treachery? I'd call it bravery.
They made me a promise
Your little boy prisoners made you a promise and you got mad when they broke it? Are you the dumbest cunt alive?
Don't call me
A cunt. A dumb cunt who killed the only two Starks in Winterfell. You know how valuable those boys were?
If I hadn't killed them, the Northerners would think me weak.
You are weak. And you're stupid.
I'm warning you.
Go on, then. Warn me.
You haven't brought enough men. How am I supposed to defend Winterfell with just this lot?
You're not. I've come to bring you home. Father wants a word.
Is this a joke? Winterfell is the heart of the North.
Aye, it is, hundreds of miles from the sea. We're islanders, baby brother. Had you forgotten that? Our power comes from our ships. And now that you've decorated your walls with the bodies of the Stark boys, every man in the North wants to see you hanged. When Robb Stark finds out-
He won't find out. We've killed all the ravens. We have all the horses. I've taken Winterfell. And I will keep Winterfell.
Leave us.
Theon, you're my blood. We both loved our mother. We both endured our father. Come home with me. Don't die here alone.
I don't intend to die.
You were a terrible baby, do you know that? Bawling all the time, never sleeping. And one night, you just wouldn't shut up, screaming like a dying pig. I walked over to your crib, I looked down at you. I wanted to strangle you. And you looked up at me and you stopped screaming. You smiled at me. Don't die so far from the sea.
I've brought you a present, Lord of Bones.
I already got one crow. Don't need two.
Mance will want to question this one. Knows all about where the crows are and what they're planning.
The Halfhand knows more. This one is just a little boy. Gut him.
He could have killed me half a dozen times.
And now he wishes he did. Gut him.
He's a bastard of Winterfell, Ned Stark's son.
Mance will want him.
What does Mance want with a dead man's bastard?
I don't know. I think he'll want to decide for himself.
He runs, I'll chop his balls off.
He runs, I'll do it meself.
We're even now, Jon Snow.
I couldn't do it. I had the sword on her neck, I just couldn't-
I know.
The others?
When you didn't come back, we went looking for you. We found your tracks fast enough. But they found us before we found you.
They died because of me.
See that it wasn't for nothing.
All right, up, lad.
Come on, on your feet, now. Move it.
Is she beautiful?
I've never met her.
What's her name?
Frey, I suppose. I don't know her first name.
I'm sure you'll be very happy.
And you're marrying her for a bridge?
An important bridge.
Ah.
It was before they killed my father. I still thought I could march south and rescue him in time, but only if I crossed that bridge.
When I speak to people from the North, they all loved your father.
He was the best man I ever met. I know children always think that about their fathers, but
Children do not always think that about their fathers, believe me.
He once told me that being a lord is like being a father, except you have thousands of children and you worry about all of them. The farmers plowing the fields are yours to protect. The charwomen scrubbing the floors, yours to protect. The soldiers you order into battle. He told me he woke with fear in the morning and went to bed with fear in the night. I didn't believe him. I asked him, "How can a man be brave if he's afraid?" "That is the only time a man can be brave," he told me.
I wish I could have met him.
He would have liked you.
Most lords worry more about their gold and their glory than the charwomen scrubbing their floors.
He didn't care much about gold or glory.
And you? You think I'm fighting this war so they'll sing songs about me? I want to go home. I want the men following me to go home.
Then why don't you?
Because we'll never be safe until the Lannisters are defeated. And because I believe in justice.
Chopping off Joffrey's head, you mean.
That would be a start.
Your Grace, milady. The Kingslayer, he escaped in the night.
How? How?
Tell me this isn't true.
Why?
For the girls.
You betrayed me.
Robb-
No! You knew I would not allow it and you did it anyway.
Bran and Rickon are captives in Winterfell. Sansa and Arya are captives in King's Landing. I have five children, and only one of them is free.
I lost one son fighting by your son's side. I lost another to the Kingslayer, strangled with a chain. You commit treason because your children are prisoners? I would carve out my heart and offer it to the Father, if he would let my sons wake from their graves and step into a prison cell.
I grieve for your sons, my lord.
I don't want your grief. I want my vengeance. And you stole it from me.
Killing Jaime Lannister would not buy life for your children, but returning him to King's Landing may buy life for mine.
Jaime Lannister has played you for a fool. You've weakened our position. You've brought discord into our camp. And you did it all behind my back. Make sure she's guarded day and night.
Robb. How many men did we send in pursuit of the Kingslayer?
Forty, Your Grace.
Send another forty with our fastest horses.
Robb.
Damn.
You're much uglier in daylight. What's your name? I'm Jaime Lannister of Casterly Rock, son of Tywin.
A captive knight has a right to know his captor's identity.
Brienne of Tarth.
Tarth, Tarth, Tarth. Crescent moons and starbursts. Lord Selwyn Tarth. Your father. Do you have any brothers and sisters, my lady? It's a long way to King's Landing. Might as well get to know one another.
Have you known many men? I suppose not. Women? Horses? Ah.
I didn't mean to give offense, my lady. Forgive me.
Your crimes are past forgiveness, Kingslayer.
Why do you hate me so much? Have I ever harmed you?
You've harmed others, those you were sworn to protect, the weak, the innocent.
Has anyone ever told you you're as boring as you are ugly?
You will not provoke me to anger.
I already have. Look at you. You're ready to chop my head off. Do you think you could? Do you think you could beat me in a fair fight?
I've never seen you fight.
The answer is no. There are three men in the kingdoms who might have a chance against me. You're not one of them.
All my life men like you have sneered at me. And all my life I've been knocking men like you into the dust.
If you're so confident, unlock my chains. Let's see what happens.
Do you take me for an idiot? In!
I took you for a fighter, a man Pardon. Woman of honor. Was I wrong? You're afraid.
Maybe one day we'll find out, Kingslayer.
King's Landing will fall an hour after Stannis lands his force. It's not too late for King Joffrey and Cersei and the court to ride west to safety.
Surrender the Iron Throne?
Better than seeing their heads mounted on the city gates. Stannis will execute them all.
No, a king who runs will not be king for long. He's a Lannister. He'll stand and fight. Stannis, two days from the capital and the wolf at my doorstep.
The scouts assure us Robb Stark remains north of Ashemark.
Ha! The last time the scouts assured us of Stark's movement, he lured us into a trap. Which is why my son is his prisoner.
Too close to Casterly Rock.
He sent a splinter force to recapture Winterfell. The Greyjoys have done us a great favor. Stark won't risk marching on Casterly Rock until he's at full force.
He's a boy and he's never lost a battle. He'll risk anything at any time because he doesn't know enough to be afraid.
We'll ride at nightfall. I want a full night's march before he knows we're on the move. Clegane, you'll maintain a garrison here at Harrenhal. Track down this brotherhood and destroy them. The girl has proven herself a good servant. She'll stay on with you. See that he doesn't get drunk in the evenings. He's poor company when he's sober, but he's better at his work.
You've got some questions to answer.
Who killed Ser Amory?
I don't know! Please!
Give me the name. Take this one out for the crows.
I told you, I don't know. Please.
Look, it's Yoren's little cunt. Used to be a boy, now it's a girl.
Where's Jaqen?
Don't care. Where's your stick now, bitch? I promised to fuck you with it.
Come on, time to kill some wolves.
You need sour cherries to make it right. And the secret is you dry the stones, and then you break them with a mallet. That's where the real flavor is. You crush 'em up real fine. And then when you're finished, you sprinkle them over the piecrust.
How would I know?
I need him now. Lord Tywin's marching tonight.
You need him?
He's helping me.
I saw him.
Where?
Ow!
They went riding out the gates a few hours ago.
On patrol. Let go of my ears.
What do you want with him anyway?
Mance is gonna march on the Wall. When he does, one brother inside his army will be worth a thousand fighting against it.
They'll never trust me.
They might. If you do what needs to be done.
What?
How does it feel knowing those men all died so you could skip through the snow with your little savage girl?
I didn't.
I should have known better, trusting a traitor's bastard.
He's not yours to kill, crow.
Do you have to do that here?
I like to keep me hands clean.
Yes, but do you have to do it here?
You should start wearing the gold cloak.
I don't want to wear a gold cloak.
You're commander of the City Watch. You shouldn't be dressed like a common
A cloak slows you down in a fight. Makes it hard to move quietly. And the gold catches the light, so you're nice and easy to spot at night.
Well, you're not sneaking through alleyways any longer. You're supposed to stand out.
We had a deal and wearing a gold cloak wasn't part of it.
Fine, fine. No gold cloak.
What?
What?
What? What? Why are you staring at me?
You don't want me cleaning me nails. You don't want me looking your way. Why am I here?
To help me plan the defense of King's Landing.
Stannis will be here any day.
And one of these explains how to beat him?
An History of the Great Sieges of Westeros. " By Archmaester Shevelathin. Shevelatesh.
Chevalteesh. I'd swap all your books for a few good archers.
My Lord Hand. Commander. I must compliment you on the gold cloaks' performance these last few weeks. Did you know there has been a marked drop in thievery?
I did not know. And how did you accomplish this marked drop in thievery?
Me and the lads rounded up all the known thieves.
For questioning?
No. It's just the unknown thieves we need to worry about now.
We talked about this.
Aye, we talked about it. Have you ever been in a city under siege? Maybe this part's not in your books. See, it's not the fighting that kills most people. It's the starving. Foodo s worth more than gold. Noble ladies sell their diamonds for a sack of potatoes. Things get bad enough, the poor start eating each other.
The thieves, they love a siege. Soon as the gates are sealed, they steal all the food. By the time it's all over, they're the richest men in town.
Given the circumstances, my lord, I believe extreme measures are warranted.
Ah. "The Great Sieges of Westeros." Thrilling subject. Shame Archmaester Ch'Vyalthan wasn't a better writer.
Stannis knows King's Landing. He knows where the walls are strongest, and he knows which gates are weakest. The Mud Gate. A good ram will batter it down in minutes, and it's only 50 yards from the water. That's where he'll land.
And if Stannis does attack the Mud Gate, what is our plan?
We could throw books at his men.
We don't have that many books.
We don't have that many men, either.
What do we have?
Pig shit.
I'm not cut out for this sort of work.
I always imagined meself doing something much worse.
We're digging latrine pits at the end of the world. I can't imagine anything much worse.
You lack imagination.
Where do you think Jon is right now?
He went off with the Halfhand. He didn't come back. A betting man would go with dead.
He's not dead. No, Jon's a great fighter.
Well, he's better than me and a lot better than you.
He's got a Valyrian steel sword.
So did his father.
And Qhorin Halfhand is the greatest ranger alive.
Great rangers never get old is the problem. Shit ones neither. It's them in the middle that last a long time.
What in seven hells is that?
The First Men made these marks. Help me with it.
Look.
If you find something you're not supposed to, best thing to do is pretend you've never seen it.
That's a Night's Watch cloak.
It's been here a long time.
Oh. Must be dragonglass.
Dragonglass?
The maesters call it obsidian.
Why would a brother hide it here?
I expect it's 'cause he wanted somebody to find it.
Mind where you're going.
I'm sorry. I'll-
Where were you?
A man has patrol duty.
Tywin Lannister was right here, and now he's gone.
A girl owes one more name. The Red God demands it. Give the man a name.
How long after I give you the name does it take you to kill someone?
A minute, an hour, a month. Death is certain, the time is not.
He's taking his army to attack my brother. I need him dead right now.
This a man cannot do.
You promised you'd help me.
Help was not promised, lovely girl. Only death. There must be others. Give a name, any name.
And you'll kill them? Anybody?
By the Seven New Gods and the Old Gods beyond counting, I swear it.
All right. Jaqen H'ghar.
A girl gives a man his own name?
That's right.
Gods are not mocked. This is no joking thing.
I'm not joking. A man can go kill himself.
Un-name me.
No.
Please?
I'll un-name you.
Thank you.
If you help me and my friends escape.
This would require more than one life. This is not part of our bargain.
Fine, Jaqen H'ghar.
A girl lacks honor. If I do this thing, a girl must obey.
A girl will obey.
A girl and her friends will walk through the gate at midnight.
Thank you, Podrick.
Odd little boy.
I have a certain sympathy for odd little boys.
You and Varys both.
Excellent lamprey pie. Were you slaving away in the kitchen all day? I hear Joffrey plans on fighting. An inspiration for the troops. The young king in his shining armor fighting to defend the capital against the wicked old rebel.
He's only a boy.
Younger boys are off fighting his war.
He's not ready.
What is he, seventeen? Remember Jaime at seventeen?
Better than you. Some men have a gift for this sort of thing, some don't. His place is not on the battlefield.
It's not on the throne, either, sadly for all of us.
Do you think I'm an idiot?
No, I'd say you possess above-average intelligence.
You shipped off my only daughter. And now you want to send my eldest son to the battlefield to die.
He'll have his Kingsguard protecting him. He has the finest armor gold can buy. He needs to be out there. The men will fight more fiercely seeing their king fighting beside them instead of hiding behind his mother's skirts. Any dessert?
Do you know why Varys is so dangerous?
Because he has thousands of spies in his employ. Because he knows everything we do before we do it.
Because he doesn't have a cock.
Neither do you.
Perhaps I'm dangerous, too. You, on the other hand, are as big a fool as every other man. That little worm between your legs does half your thinking.
It's not that little.
Why are you smiling?
Because I'm happy.
And why are you happy?
Because I have your little whore.
I thought you preferred blondes.
Such a droll little fellow. Tell me, have you married this one yet? No? Good. Father will be so pleased.
Why do you care who I fuck?
Because a Lannister always pays her debts. You stole my only daughter, you plot to have Joffrey killed.
This is madness. Stannis will be here in days. You need me.
For what? Your skill in battle? Pretty thing, your whore. Lovely body. The bruises will heal in time.
Where did you find her?
Varys isn't the only one who hears whispers. Really, a Lannister lion necklace? You need to hide your secret whores more carefully.
You've forgotten the most important thing about whores.
Oh? Well, you're the expert. Tell me.
You don't buy them, you only rent them.
You're usually a better liar, baby brother. This one you like. You like her very much. Could it be love? Don't worry, she'll be treated gently enough. Unless Joffrey is hurt. And then every wound he suffers, she'll suffer, too. And if he dies, there isn't a man alive who could devise a more painful death for your little cunt.
And how do I know you haven't killed her already?
Would you like to see her? I thought you might. Ser Mandon, bring in my brother's whore.
I'm sorry they hurt you. You must be brave.
I promise I will free you.
Don't forget me.
Never.
I will hurt you for this. A day will come when you think you're safe and happy, and your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth. And you will know the debt is paid.
Get out.
Shae!
I've been waiting all night. What is wrong?
You're beautiful.
Then why do you look sad?
We have to be more careful.
Don't be afraid. I can take care of myself.
There are people who want to hurt me.
I know. I won't let them. I'll cut off their faces. I will.
I would kill for you. Do you know that? I expect I'll have to before this is over. You're mine.
I'm yours.
Promise me.
I'm yours and you are mine.
Still no word?
We've sent a dozen ravens. None have returned. My bastard is only a few days from Winterfell. Once he captures the castle
Theon has my brothers. If we storm the castle
He wouldn't dare hurt the boys. They're his only hope of escaping the North with his head.
Send word to your son. Any Ironborn who surrender will be allowed to return safely to their homes.
A touch of mercy is a virtue, Your Grace. Too much-
Any Ironborn with the exception of Theon Greyjoy. He betrayed our cause. He betrayed me. And we will hunt him down no matter where he runs.
I expect his countrymen will turn on him the minute they hear the offer.
Your pardon, my lord. Your Grace.
My lady.
How are you?
How am I? I've had to arrest my mother. The Lannisters have my sisters. The man I considered my closest friend has seized my home and my brothers. I'm fighting a war and I don't know if I should march south or north.
I'm sorry. It was a stupid question. I'm sorry.
No. Forgive me. You're being kind. I have no right.
You have every right. You're a king.
That's not the kind of king I want to be.
What kind do you want to be?
I don't know. The good kind. Most kings grew up as princes. They spend their whole lives preparing for the crown. I was raised to be Lord of Winterfell.
I was raised to be a proper little lady, to play the harp and dance the latest steps and recite Valyrian poetry.
I'd like to hear you play the harp.
No. No, you would not.
How did you go from reciting Valyrian poetry to sawing off men's feet?
When I was twelve, my mother and father went to a wedding. Weddings in Volantis last for days, you know. And they left me with my little brother. The second afternoon they were gone was the hottest day in the three-year summer. We couldn't bear to be inside, so we ran down to the Rhoyne. Every child in Volantis was in the Rhoyne that day. The rich, the poor, we were all there. Naked, screaming, racing to the little islands. Drummers were playing for coppers on the east bank. I was treading water, talking to a friend, when I realized I hadn't seen my brother. I called his name. Then I started screaming his name. And then I saw him floating face down. My heart just stopped. I was I dragged him from the water. My friend helped me, I think. I don't even remember. He was so little. Then we pulled him onto the riverbank. And I screamed at him and I shook him. And he was dead. Just dead. A man ran over. He had a fish tattoo on his face. In Volantis, the slaves have tattoos. So you know what they are without having to talk to them. And this man worked on a fishing boat. And he pushed me out of the way. You have to understand, for a slave to push a highborn girl, that's death for the man, a terrible death. But he pushed me out of the way, and he started pressing on my brother's chest again and again and again, until my brother spat out half of the Rhoyne and cried out. And the man cradled his head and told him to be calm. I decided two things that day. I would not waste my years planning dances and masquerades with the other noble ladies. And when I came of age, I would never live in a slave city again. I'm sorry, Your Grace. You told me of your problems and I've blathered on.
I don't want to marry the Frey girl.
I don't want you to marry her. But you needed that bridge. I hope it's a very beautiful bridge.
The sour cherries was all crushed up and ready.
Shut up.
Probably in the piecrust by now. In the oven. The nice, warm oven.
Shut up. What did you bring?
Shut up. What did you bring?
The cheese could be better. I did get some nice sausages.
What did he want us to do about those guards?
He didn't say. He just said, "Walk through the gates."
What about the guards?
He didn't say anything about the guards.
What, he left that bit out? It's a pretty important part, don't you think?
We have to trust him.
Trust him? You trusted him to fight with us when you set him free and he ran.
I want to go back to the kitchens.
Shut up. Stay here if you're afraid.
Arry, don't.
Away! Reset!
If the wind holds, we'll reach King's Landing in a day.
Will it hold?
Can't make promises for the wind, Your Grace.
Again, pull!
I admire you, Ser Davos.
I thank you, Your Grace.
Pleased to hear it. Some highborn fools call you Onion Knight and think they insult you. So you take the onion for your sigil, sew it on your coat, fly the onion flag.
My son wishes me to change it. Three mermen with tridents, something like that. I understand why the older families look down at me.
Do you? Why?
My father was a crabber.
And?
Well, sons of lords don't like to break bread with sons of crabbers. Our hands stink.
And where were those lords when Storm's End starved?
Many fought bravely for your brother. Many fought for the Mad King.
You defend these men who insult you behind your back.
Some are happy to do it to my face.
We were forgotten. Robert and Ned Stark, they were the heroes. The glorious rebels marching from battle to battle, liberating towns from the yoke of the Mad King, while I held Storm's End with five hundred men.
No one has forgotten, Your Grace.
No? Robert did. He gave Storm's End to Renly after the war. Renly never fought a day in his life.
He was only a boy.
Then why'd he give him Storm's End?
First, we ate the horses. We weren't riding anywhere, not with the castle surrounded. We couldn't feed them, so fine, the horses. Then the cats. Never liked cats. So fine. I do like dogs. Good animals. Loyal. But we ate them. Then the rats. The night before you slipped through, I thought my wife was dying. She couldn't speak anymore, she was so frail. And then you made it through the lines. Slipped right through in your little black sailboat with your onions.
And potatoes. Some salted beef, I believe.
Every man in Storm's End wanted to kiss you that night.
I was relieved they did not.
Robert told me to hold Storm's End, so I held it. Then he told me he was giving it to Renly, so I gave it up. Insult or no, I gave it up. Because Robert was my older brother, and he was the king and I've always done my duty. But now, I'm the rightful king by every law of Westeros. And when I sit the Iron Throne, you'll be my Hand.
Your Grace, I pray I serve you well.
I expect you'll be the first crabber's son to wear the badge.
You're the Master of Whisperers. You're supposed to know everything.
No man can be in all rooms at all times. I have many little birds in the North, my lord, but I haven't heard their songs since Theon Greyjoy captured Winterfell.
The Stark forces are distracted. Now is the time to strike.
To strike? My dear nephew, you do see these men preparing the walls for siege? You do understand Stannis Baratheon sails this way?
If my Uncle Stannis lands on the shores of King's Landing, I'll ride out to greet him.
A brave choice, Your Grace. I'm sure your men will line up behind you.
They say Stannis never smiles. I'll give him a red smile from ear to ear.
Imagine Stannis' terror.
I am trying.
You're an intelligent man. I'd like to think I'm an intelligent man.
Oh, no one disputes that, my lord, not even the multitudes who despise you.
I wish we could converse as two honest, intelligent men.
I wish we could, too.
What do you want? Tell me.
If we're going to play, you'll have to start.
My brother was the youngest Kingsguard in history. My sister became queen at the age of nineteen. When I reached manhood, my father put me in charge of all the drains and cisterns in Casterly Rock.
A most highborn plumber.
The water never flowed better. And all the shit found its way to the sea. I never expected to have any real power. So when my father named me acting Hand
You're quite good at being Hand, you know? Jon Arryn and Ned Stark were good men. Honorable men. But they disdained the game and those who played. You enjoy the game.
I do. Last thing I expected.
And you play it well.
I'd like to keep playing it. If Stannis breaches the gates, the game is over.
They say he burns his enemies alive to honor the Lord of Light.
The Lord of Light wants his enemies burned, the Drowned God wants them drowned. Why are all the gods such vicious cunts? Where is the god of tits and wine?
In the Summer Isles, they worship a fertility goddess with sixteen teats.
We should sail there immediately.
This morning, I heard a song all the way from Qarth beyond the Red Waste. Daenerys Targaryen lives.
A girl at the edge of the world is the least of our problems.
She has three dragons. But even if what they say is true, it'll be years before they are fully grown. And then there will be nowhere to hide.
One game at a time, my friend.
Careful, Khaleesi. Xaro owns this city and the warlocks have a thousand eyes watching for you. I found one. A ship with a good captain. She leaves for Astapor tomorrow.
Astapor?
We cannot stay here.
They have my dragons. A mother does not flee without her children.
They're not your children. I know they call you the Mother of Dragons and I know you love them, but you didn't grow them in your womb. They didn't suckle at your breast. They are dragons, Khaleesi. And if we stay in Qarth, we'll die.
You should sail to Astapor. I'm sure you'll be safe there.
You know I would die for you. I will never abandon you. I'm sworn to protect you, to serve.
Then serve me. If my dragons are in the House of the Undying, then take me there.
That's what the warlock wants. He told you so himself. If you enter that place, you will never leave again. His magic is strong.
And what of my magic? You saw me step into the fire. You watched the witch burn. What did the flames do to me? Do you remember?
Until my last breath, I will remember. After I have forgotten my mother's face.
They are my children. And they are the only children I will ever have. Take me to them.
We should bury them.
I'd leave 'em up a few more days. Sends a message.
If they haven't got the damn message yet, a few more days won't help. As you say. But it don't hurt to let 'em rot a while longer.
What's this?
Gold for the farmer. For his trouble.
His troubles are done. He's feeding the crops now.
His wife, too. You want to keep a man silent, you silence him.
Got as far as the farm and then doubled back. Walked through the stream to throw off the hounds. Hoped this would be the last place they'd think to look.
You're right so far.
Who was that out there hung up at the gates?
Must have been the farmer's boys.
He killed them and burned them and passed them off as the little lords?
They mustn't know. Bran would blame himself.
They'll never hear it from me. The little lads have suffered enough.
That's it. The tide's against us.
Aye, but we have the wind. She'll blow us straight to the gates.
You're coming home.
King's Landing hasn't been home for twenty years. I spent most of my life dodging the royal fleet. And now I'm sailing right at them.
This is the royal fleet. And you're not a smuggler anymore, you're the high captain.
Of course, there are several royal fleets at the moment.
Not after tonight. When the sun rises, Stannis will sit on the Iron Throne and you will be his Hand.
Gods be good.
God. Father, there is only one and he watches over us.
But not over them?
Over all of us. The people of King's Landing did not choose the false king, Joffrey Baratheon. They will be glad to see his head on a spike.
Well, first, we have to put it there.
Our ships outnumber theirs ten-to-one.
Our army outnumber theirs five-to-one. Those walls have never been breached, and the men guarding the walls, when they see you, they don't see a liberator, they see a stranger come to set their city on fire.
I have faith in the Lord of Light. I have faith in our cause. And I have faith in my captain.
Are you afraid, my lion?
If the city falls, Stannis will burn every Lannister he can find. Of course I'm afraid.
I won't let them hurt you.
I'm a Lannister. I don't have a choice in all this. But it's not your war.
It is now.
You can't fuck your way out of everything.
I have so far. Do you remember what you said when you met me in your tent? That I should make love to you like it was your last day on this earth.
As you know, Your Grace, it is not only the sworn duty of a maester to carry out the wishes of the house he serves, but also to offer guidance and counsel in times of war.
Your words are always wise and measured.
If you could - If anything, a maester's duties become more urgent in times of war and turmoil. I remember back in the days of King
You brought me something?
Yes. Essence of nightshade is as dangerous as it is efficacious. A single drop in a cup of wine suffices to soothe ragged nerves. Three drops will bring on a deep and dreamless sleep. Ten drops, however-
I know what ten drops will bring.
Your Grace, if I may ask-
You may not. You must have a lot of work to do. I'm sure many brave men will need your wisdom soon.
Yes. A siege is very-
Be careful on the stairs, Grand Maester. There are so many.
Your Grace.
And so he spoke / That Lord of Castamere / But now the rains weep o'er his halls / With no one there to hear / Yes, now the rains weep o'er his halls / And not a soul to hear-
To the boys!
Lannisters! Where'd you learn the Lannister song?
Drunk Lannisters.
You've got a pretty voice.
Thank you very much.
And I like your nose. How many times you break it?
Well, now let's see. First time, I was five. My mam smacked me with an iron poker.
Oh.
It wasn't me she was aiming at. She was trying for my little brother. Now he was a real pest.
Second time, I was nine. Got in a scrap with a few older boys. They won. Third time-
Eh, you don't want to know about the third time.
Poor nose.
Don't feel sorry for him. He'll be halfway up your arse before the night's through.
Welcome, friends. This roundo s on me.
I don't think he likes me.
You think you're a hard man?
I know it.
It's warm in here. We've got beautiful women and good brown ale. Plenty for everyone. And all you want is to put one of us in the cold ground with no women to keep us company.
Oh, there's women in the ground. I put some there myself. So have you. You like fucking and drinking and singing. But killing, killing's the thing you love. You're just like me.
Only smaller.
And quicker. Eh?
Your Lord Imp's going to miss you.
Aye I expect he will someday.
Here we are.
One more drink before the war? Shall we?
I've always hated the bells. They ring for horror. A dead king, a city under siege.
A wedding.
Exactly. Podrick, is that it?
Is that it?" Nice touch. As if you don't know the name of every boy in town.
I'm not entirely sure what you're suggesting.
I'm entirely sure you're entirely sure what I'm suggesting.
Do you trust him?
Oddly enough, I do.
Good.
The map you asked for.
There must be twenty miles of tunnels beneath the city.
Closer to fifty. The Targaryens built this city to withstand a siege and to provide escape if necessary.
I'm not escaping. Strange as it sounds, I'm the captain of the ship, and if the ship goes down, I go with her.
That is good to hear. Though I'm sure many captains say the same while their ship is afloat. You look well suited for battle, my lord.
Well, I'm not.
For all our sakes, I hope you are wrong. My little birds tell me that Stannis Baratheon has taken up with a red priestess from Asshai.
What of it?
You don't believe in the old powers, my lord?
Blood spells, curses, shape-shifting. What do you think?
I think you believe in what you see and in what those you trust have seen. You probably don't entirely trust me.
Mmm, don't take it personally. I don't entirely trust myself.
And yet I have seen things and heard things, things you have not, things I wish I had not. I don't believe I've ever told you how I was cut.
No, I don't believe you have.
One day, I will. The dark arts have provided Lord Stannis with his armies and paved his path to our door. For a man in service to such powers to sit on the Iron Throne, I can think of nothing worse. And tonight, I believe you are the only man who can stop him.
They're welcoming the new king.
I've never known bells to mean surrender. They want to play music with us? Let's play. Drums.
Drums!
Remember, wait till the ships-
The ships are in the bay.
They must be far enough in-
I know what "in" means. Do you know how to use that?
I chopped wood once. No, I watched my brother chopping wood.
I saw you kill a man with a shield. You'll be unstoppable with an ax.
Don't get killed.
Nor you, my friend.
Oh, are we friends now?
Of course we are. Just because I pay you for your services doesn't diminish our friendship.
Enhances it, really.
Oh! "Enhances." Fancy word for a sellsword.
Been spending time with fancy folks.
Lady Sansa and Sheila.
Shae.
Shae, yes. Surely my sister has asked you to join the other highborn ladies in Maegor's holdfast.
She has, my lord, but King Joffrey sent for me to see him off.
Sansa.
Always been a great romantic, my nephew.
Sansa, come here.
I will pray for your safe return, my lord.
Will you?
Just as I pray for the king's.
Stay safe, my lady.
And you, my lion.
Your king rides forth to battle. You should see him off with a kiss.
My new blade. Hearteater, I've named it. Kiss it.
You'll kiss it again when I return and taste my uncle's blood.
Will you slay him yourself?
If Stannis is fool enough to come near me.
So you'll be outside the gates fighting in the vanguard?
A king doesn't discuss battle plans with stupid girls.
I'm sorry, Your Grace. You're right, I'm stupid. Of course you'll be in the vanguard. They say my brother Robb always goes where the fighting is thickest. And he is only a pretender.
Your brother's turn will come. Then you can lick his blood off Hearteater, too.
Some of those boys will never come back.
Joffrey will. The worst ones always live.
Shh. Come, my lady.
Where's our fleet?
On the way.
Why isn't it here now? They're coming.
Hound, tell the Hand that his king has asked him a question.
The king has asked you a question.
Ser Lancel, tell the Hound to tell the king that the Hand is extremely busy.
The Hand of the King would like me to tell you to tell the king-
If I tell the Hound to cut you in half, he'll do it without a second thought.
That would make me the quarterman. It just doesn't have the same ring to it. Cut me in half and I won't be able to give the signal. No signal, no plan. No plan and Stannis Baratheon sacks this city, takes the Iron Throne, puts your pinched little head atop a gate somewhere. It might be quite amusing, except that my head would be up there, too. I've never much liked my head, but I don't want to see it removed just yet.
Where are their ships?
It was wise to attack at night. We took them by surprise.
Lord Varys knows what you had for breakfast three days ago. There are no surprises here.
If it's true there is dissension in their ranks, maybe their sailors have mutinied.
Maybe.
I don't know why she wants me here. She's always saying how stupid I am. She hates me.
Maybe she hates you less than she hates everyone else.
I doubt it.
Maybe she's jealous of you.
Why would she be jealous?
Sansa.
I was wondering where our little dove had flown. You look pale, child. Is your red flower still blooming?
Yes.
Fitting, isn't it? The men will bleed out there and you will bleed in here. Pour Lady Sansa some wine.
I'm not thirsty, Your Grace.
So? I didn't offer you water.
What's he doing here?
Ser llyn? He's here to defend us. When the axes smash down those doors, you may be glad to have him.
But we have guards to defend us.
Guards we have paid. Should the city fall, they'll be the first ones out of the doors.
The lads caught a groom and two maids trying to sneak away with a stolen horse and some gold cups.
The battle's first traitors. Have Ser llyn see to them. Put their heads on spikes outside the stables as a warning.
The only way to keep the small folk loyal is to make certain they fear you more than they do the enemy. Remember that if you ever hope to become a queen.
You said he was here to protect us.
He is. Traitors are a danger to us all. More wine.
There they are.
Archers to their marks.
Archers, to your marks!
Archers! Nock your arrows!
Nock arrows!
Hold fast.
Hold fast!
What are you doing? We need to attack them.
Boulders ready!
There's only one ship. Where are the rest of them? Where are the rest of them?
There's only one ship.
Archers, stand to! Man the below! Nock.
Nock and set!
Draw! Hold.
Hold.
There's no one on board.
More rocks coming up!
Wildfire. Steer clear! Steer clear!
Matthos! Get down!
Prepare to land.
Your Grace.
The dwarf has played his little trick.
The wildfire.
He can only play it once.
We're too far from the gates. The fire, their archers- Hundreds will die.
Thousands.
Come with me and take this city!
Sansa, come here, little dove.
My queen.
What are you doing?
Praying.
You're perfect, aren't you? Praying. What are you praying for?
For the gods to have mercy on us all.
Oh. On all of us?
Yes, Your Grace.
Even me?
Of course, Your Grace.
Even Joffrey?
Joffrey is my-
Oh, shut up, you little fool. Praying to the gods to have mercy on us all. The gods have no mercy. That's why they're gods. My father told me that when he caught me praying. My mother had just died, you see. I didn't really understand the concept of death, the finality of it. I thought that if I prayed very, very hard, the gods would return my mother to me. I was four.
Your father doesn't believe in the gods?
He believes in them, he just doesn't like them very much.
One for her.
Here. Sit. Drink.
Not like that. Drink, girl.
I should have been born a man. I'd rather face a thousand swords than be shut up inside with this flock of frightened hens.
They are your guests under your protection. You asked them here.
It was expected of me, as it will be of you if you ever become Joffrey's queen. If my wretched brother should somehow prevail, these hens will return to their cocks and crow of how my courage inspired them, lifted their spirits.
And if the city should fall?
You'd like that, wouldn't you? The Red Keep should hold for a time, long enough for me to go to the walls and yield to Lord Stannis in person. If it were anyone else outside those gates, I might have hoped for a private audience, but this is Stannis Baratheon. I'd have a better chance of seducing his horse.
Have I shocked you, little dove? Tears aren't a woman's only weapon. The best one's between your legs. Learn how to use it. Drink.
Do you have any notion of what happens when a city is sacked? No, you wouldn't, would you? If the city falls, these fine women should be in for a bit of a rape. Half of them will have bastards in their bellies come the morning. You'll be glad of your red flower then. When a man's blood is up, anything with tits looks good. A precious thing like you will look very, very good. A slice of cake just waiting to be eaten.
More pressure! Pull! Pull! That's it, men! Pull! Pull!
He's a serious man, Stannis Baratheon.
They're coming. They're coming ashore.
Rain fire on them.
Archers!
There are too many.
Hound, form a welcome party for any Baratheon troop that manages to touch solid ground. Pod, run to the King's Gate. Bring any men guarding it here, now.
Yes, my lord.
Let's go. Stannis is sending us fresh meat. You, too.
Any of these flaming fucking arrows come near me, I'll strangle you with your own guts.
Pull, pull! Go!
Nock! Draw!
Draw! Draw!
Kill the Lannisters!
Loose! Loose!
Form the line!
Draw! Draw! Loose! Loose!
To the Mud Gate, go now!
First and second squads, to the gate! To the Mud Gate!
Any man dies with a clean sword, I'll rape his fucking corpse.
When we were young, Jaime and I, we looked so much alike even our father couldn't tell us apart. I could never understand why they treated us differently. Jaime was taught to fight with sword and lance and mace, and I was taught to smile and sing and please. He was heir to Casterly Rock, and I was sold to some stranger like a horse to be ridden whenever he desired.
You were Robert's queen.
And you will be Joffrey's. Enjoy. I don't think I know this one.
Pretty.
That's the worst curtsy I've ever seen. Here, it's not difficult. I mastered it when I was four. Straighten your back and bend.
Better. You learn fast. How long have you been in Lady Sansa's service?
A few weeks, Your Grace.
When did you leave Lorath?
I had a Lorathi handmaiden once.
But she was a nobleman's daughter. You're not. When did you come to Westeros?
Ten years ago, Your Grace.
From Lorathi commoner to the Red Keep in ten years, all without learning how to curtsy. I imagine that's a very interesting story. What's your name?
Shae, Your Grace.
Tell us a story, Shae.
When I was thireen, I-
Your Grace!
What news?
The Imp has set the river afire. Hundreds of ships are burning, maybe more. Stannis' fleet destroyed, but But But his troops have landed outside the city walls.
Where is Joffrey?
On the battlements with Lord Tyrion.
Bring him back inside at once.
Your Grace-
What?
The king's presence is good for morale.
Bring him back to his chambers now.
Not here?
With the women and children? Do you want him to be mocked as a coward for the rest of his life?
No, but I-
Now!
When I told you about Ser llyn earlier, I lied. Do you want to hear the truth? You want to know why he's really here? He's here for us. Stannis may take the city, he may take the throne, but he will not take us alive.
Help me!
Fall back! Fall back!
Get the ladders up!
Faster, you bastards! Faster! Come on, kill the scum!
Someone bring me a drink.
Fuck the water. Bring me wine.
Can I get you some iced milk and a nice bowl of raspberries, too?
Eat shit, dwarf.
You're on the wrong side of the wall.
I lost half my men. The Blackwater's on fire.
Dog, I command you to go back out there and fight!
You're Kingsguard, Clegane. You must beat them back or they're going to take this city. Your king's city.
Fuck the Kingsguard. Fuck the city. Fuck the king.
Loose!
Put your backs into it!
All right, get up!
Clear!
Forward!
Forward ladders!
Heave! Heave!
Your Grace, the queen has sent me to bring you back to the Red Keep.
If you won't defend your own city, why should they?
What would you have me do?
Lead. Get down there and lead your people against the invaders who want to kill them.
What did my mother say exactly? Did she have urgent business with me?
She did not say, Your Grace.
All men to the battlements!
Ser Boros, Ser Mandon, stay with my uncle and represent the king on the field of battle.
Archers, hold your line or I'll kill you myself.
Stand fast!
No! Get up, you fool.
We need more arrows!
Where is the king? Why isn't he with us?
Who are we fighting for?
Who leads us?
I'll lead the attack. I'll lead the attack!
Yes.
What are you talking about?
Pod, my helmet. Ser Mandon, you will bear the king's banner. Men, form up. Men Men! They say I'm half a man. But what does that make the lot of you?
The only way out is through the gates. And they're at the gates.
There's another way out. I'm going to show you. We'll come out behind them and fuck them in their arses.
Don't fight for your king and don't fight for his kingdoms. Don't fight for honor. Don't fight for glory. Don't fight for riches, because you won't get any. This is your city Stannis means to sack. That's your gate he's ramming. If he gets in, it will be your houses he burns, your gold he steals, your women he will rape.
Heave! Heave! Heave!
Those are brave men knocking at our door. Let's go kill them.
The battle is lost, Your Grace. Stannis' troops are at the gates. When the gold cloaks saw the king leaving, they lost all heart.
Where is my son?
I want to escort him back to the battle.
Why do I care what you want? Bring me-
Now listen to me-
Don't be afraid. The queen has raised the drawbridge. This is the safest place we can be. Joffrey's not hurt. He's fighting bravely. His knights have rallied behind him. They will save the city. Shall we sing a hymn? Gentle mother, fount of mercy...
Save our sons from war, we pray.
You must go. Run to your chamber and bar your door. Stannis won't hurt you. This one will.
Come with me.
I need to say goodbye to someone.
The queen said they'd rape everyone.
No one is raping me.
Go. Run.
The lady is starting to panic.
What are you doing here?
Not here for long. I'm going.
Where?
Someplace that isn't burning. North, might be. Could be.
What about the king?
He can die just fine on his own.
I can take you with me. Take you to Winterfell.
I'll keep you safe. Do you want to go home?
I'll be safe here. Stannis won't hurt me.
Look at me. Stannis is a killer. The Lannisters are killers. Your father was a killer. Your brother is a killer. Your sons will be killers someday. The world is built by killers. So you'd better get used to looking at them.
You won't hurt me.
No, little bird, I won't hurt you.
Heave!
Come on, you bastards! Get up those ladders!
Attack!
Roll it over!
Halfman! Halfman! Halfman!
Oh, fuck me.
Shh! Be calm, my sweet.
They're still fighting.
No one's going to hurt you. I'll tell you a story. You know the one about the mother lion and her little cub? They lived in the woods.
The Kingswood?
Yes, my love. In the Kingswood, there lived a mother and her cub. She loved him very much. But there were other things that lived in the woods. Evil things.
Like what?
Like stags.
Stags aren't evil. They only eat grass.
And wolves.
My lord.
He could hear them howling in the night. The little cub was frightened. His mother said, "You are a lion, my son. You mustn't be afraid."
For one day, all the beasts will bow to you. You will be king. All the stags will bow. All the wolves will bow. The bears in the north and the foxes of the south, all the birds in the sky and the beasts in the sea, they will all come to you, little lion, to rest a crown upon your head.
And the cub said, "Will I be strong and fierce like my father?"
Yes," said his mother. "You will be strong and fierce just like your father.
I will keep you safe, my love. I promise you.
Back to the boats!
Stand and fight! Stand and fight, damn you!
No!
Father.
The battle is over. We have won.
And who are you," the proud lord said / "That I must bow so low?" / "Only a cat of a different coat / That's all the truth I know / In a coat of gold or a coat of red / A lion still has claws / And mine are long and sharp, my lord / As long and sharp as yours" / And so he spoke, and so he spoke / That Lord of Castamere / But now the rains weep o'er his hall / With no one there to hear / Yes, now the rains weep o'er his hall / And not a soul to hear
Pod.
Pod! Find Bronn or Varys. Tell them I am here with Maester Pycelle. Tell them I am very much alive.
Yes, my lord.
Would you like something for the pain?
What happened?
The murderer and traitor Stannis Baratheon suffered a stunning defeat at the hands of your father.
Where am I?
These are your new chambers. A little cramped, perhaps, but you don't need much room, do you? You are no longer Hand of the King.
Oh, For your trouble.
I, Joffrey of the House Baratheon, first of my name, the rightful King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm, do hereby proclaim my grandfather, Tywin Lannister, the savior of the city and the Hand of the King.
Thank you, Your Grace.
Lord Petyr Baelish, step forward.
For your good service and ingenuity in uniting the Houses of Lannister and Tyrell, I declare that you shall be granted the castle of Harrenhal with all its attendant lands and incomes to be held by your sons and grandsons from this day until the end of time.
You honor me beyond words, Your Grace. I shall have to acquire some sons and grandsons.
Ser Loras Tyrell.
Your house has come to our aid. The whole realm is in your debt, none more so than I. If your family would ask anything of me, ask it, and it shall be yours.
Your Grace, my sister Margaery, her husband was taken from us before... She remains innocent. I would ask you to find it in your heart to do us the great honor of joining our houses.
Is this what you want, Lady Margaery?
With all my heart, Your Grace. I have come to love you from afar. Tales of your courage and wisdom have never been far from my ears. And those tales have taken root deep inside of me.
I, too, have heard tales of your beauty and grace, but the tales do not do you justice, my lady. It would be an honor to return your love, but I am promised to another. A king must keep his word.
Your Grace, in the judgment of your Small Council, it would be neither proper nor wise for you to wed the daughter of a man beheaded for treason, a girl whose brother is in open rebellion against the throne as we speak. For the good of the realm, your councilors beg you to set Sansa Stark aside.
Margaery! We want Margaery!
I would like to heed your wishes and the wishes of my people, but I took a holy vow.
Your Grace, the gods do indeed hold betrothal solemn, but your father, blessed be his memory, made this pact before the Starks revealed their falseness. I have consulted with the High Septon and he assures me that their crimes against the realm free you from any promise you have made to them in the sight of the gods.
The gods are good. I am free to heed my heart. Ser Loras, I will gladly wed your sweet sister. You will be my queen and I will love you from this day until my last day.
My lady. My sincerest condolences.
They're right. I'm not good enough for him.
You shouldn't say that. You'll be good enough for many things. He'll still enjoy beating you. And now that you're a woman, he'll be able to enjoy you in other ways as well.
But, if he's not marrying me-
He'll let you go home? Joffrey's not the sort of boy who gives away his toys. You have a tender heart, just like your mother did at your age. I can see so much of her in you. She was like a sister to me. For her sake, I'll help get you home.
King's Landing is my home now.
Look around you. We're all liars here. And every one of us is better than you.
Come in. Make yourself comfortable.
That doesn't look very comfortable. Here, watch me.
No need for that, my dear.
You sure? Most men like what they see.
I'm not like most men.
That's what most men say.
If you don't want what most men want, then you'd better tell me what you'd like me to do.
I would like you to tell me if working for Lord Baelish has been all you'd hoped it would be.
Have we met?
You wouldn't remember me if we had?
I meet a lot of men.
And I think you remember all of them. I think your true talents are wasted on them.
You're very kind, my lord. Allow me to return the favor.
You're afraid. Why? Nothing dangerous down there.
I know who you are.
And, unlike your current employer, I protect those who work for me. I don't abuse them to satisfy royal whims or force them to abuse each other.
How do you know about that?
I thought you said you knew who I was.
What can I do for you, Lord Varys?
Littlefinger looks at you and sees a collection of profitable holes. I see a potential partner.
I'm afraid of him.
Oh, you should be. He's a dangerous man. But everyone has their weaknesses. Your current employer hides his very well, but not as well as he thinks.
You're a virgin, I take it?
Walk.
Childhood must have been awful for you. Were you a foot taller than all the boys? They laughed at you, called you names? Some boys like a challenge. One or two must have tried to get inside Big Brienne.
One or two tried.
Ah. But you fought them off. But maybe you wished one of them could overpower you, fling you down, tear off your clothes. But none of them were strong enough. I'm strong enough.
Not interested.
Of course you are. You'd love to know what it feels like to be a woman.
Ah. "They lay with lions." Tavern girls, I'd say. Probably served my father's soldiers. Maybe one of them gave up a kiss and a feel. That's how they earned this. The glorious work of the Northern freedom fighters. Must make you proud to serve the Starks.
I don't serve the Starks. I serve Lady Catelyn.
Tell yourself that tonight when they swing in your dreams.
What are you doing?
Burying them.
We shouldn't stay here. We should get back on the river.
I think these women would understand if I don't care what you think.
I didn't leave it here.
I had me dagger.
Untie me. Now!
I gave it to you to cut the rope, and now I don't have me dagger no more.
So unless it got stuck in your arse on its way to your cunt, it stands to reason that it's gone. Whoa. What's your business here?
Traveling a prisoner.
You're a woman. A woman!
Well, fuck me!
If you've quite finished up-
All right, we'll be going.
Whoa. Whoa! Who do you fight for?
The Starks.
What did he do?
Apparently eating is now a crime. Who knew?
No, stealing is a crime.
But it's not a crime to starve. That's justice for you.
Where are you taking him?
To Riverrun.
Why Riverrun?
Steal from the Tullys, it's their dungeons you rot in.
Why not kill him?
For stealing a pig?
I don't give the orders. He must be important to someone.
Sending him with you? How important could he be?
All right, have it your way, my lady.
Do I know you?
Have you been to Ashemark?
No.
Then you don't know me.
Do you ever go to the river market at Salt Rock?
Is it near Ashemark?
I've never been there.
What do you think of these beauties?
I hope you gave them quick deaths.
Two of them we did, yeah.
Wait. I do know you. That's Jaime Lannister.
I wish someone had told me. I wouldn't have had to steal that pig.
If this is the Kingslayer, I think I'd know about it.
How do you know what the Kingslayer looks like?
I was at Whispering Wood. I saw him. They dragged him out of the woods and threw him down before the king.
He's not the Kingslayer. Sorry to disappoint you. If he was, I'd only be traveling his head.
I have a question for you both. And I want you to answer it at the same time. I count to three, you both answer. What's his name? One. Two. Three.
Two quick deaths.
Those were Stark men.
I don't serve the Starks. I serve Lady Catelyn. I told you I'd take you to King's Landing, and that's what I'm going to do. Stay.
Walder Frey is a dangerous man to cross.
I know that.
And you mean to do it anyway?
I love her.
I know that seems important to you.
It is important to me.
Your father didn't love me when we married. He hardly knew me or I him. Love didn't just happen to us. We built it slowly over the years, stone by stone, for you, for your brothers and sisters, for all of us. It's not as exciting as secret passion in the woods, but it is stronger. It lasts longer.
And that is what would be in store for me with one of Walder Frey's daughters, what you and father had?
Why not? Because she's not beautiful? Because she's not exotic and exciting?
Now you're arguing just to argue because you arranged it.
And you agreed to it. You gave him your word. Treat your oaths recklessly, and your people will do the same. If your father lived his life for one thing
My father is dead. And the only parent I have left has no right to call anyone reckless.
You said you saw my victory in the flames.
l I did. I still see it.
The flames lied. And I'm no better than a savage trusting in a fire god. I fought for your god in Blackwater Bay. I led my men to the gates of the seventh hell as their brothers burned alive, and for what? Attacked from behind by Tywin Lannister and the Tyrells. If you see so much in your flames, why didn't you warn me?
The Lord of Light only allows me glimpses.
You claimed to speak for a god.
Will you quit the war just because you've lost a battle?
You talk about war as if you understand it.
I've been fighting far longer than you.
Have you? Show me how you fight.
Show me.
Where's your god now? Will he save you? Where is your god?
Inside you.
I murdered my brother.
We murdered him. Share the weight with me.
He wasn't your brother.
This war has just begun. It will last for years. Thousands will die at your command. You will betray the men serving you. You will betray your family. You will betray everything you once held dear. And it will all be worth it because you are the Son of Fire. You are the Warrior of Light. You will sweep aside this pretender and that one. You will be king.
You promise these things, but you don't know. None of us know.
Let me show you.
Look into the fire, my king. Look.
I see fire.
Keep looking. Do you see? Do you see, my king?
Yes.
I will kill that man. I don't care how many arrows they feather me with, how many spears they run through me, I will kill that horn-blowing cunt before I fall.
They want you to know you're surrounded.
I know I'm surrounded. I know that because I stood on the battlements and saw I was surrounded.
They don't want you to sleep. They want to sap your spirit before
Thank you, wise bald man. Thank you for explaining siege tactics to me.
No word from my father?
No.
Send more ravens.
You killed all the ravens.
The first time I saw Winterfell-
First time I saw Winterfell, it looked like something that had been here for thousands of years and would be here for thousands of years after I was dead. I saw it and I thought, "Of course, Ned Stark crushed our rebellion and killed my brothers. "We never stood a chance against the man who lives here."
Lord Stark went out of his way to make it your home.
Yes, my captors were so very kind to me. You love reminding me of that. Everyone in this frozen pile of shit has always loved reminding me of that. You know what it's like to be told how lucky you are to be someone's prisoner? To be told how much you owe them? And then to go back home to your real father
I will kill that man. I swear to the Drowned God, the Old Gods, the New Gods, to every fucking god in every fucking heaven, I will kill that man.
Theon, listen to me. I serve Winterfell. Now Winterfell is yours. I'm bound by oath to serve you.
And what's your counsel, trusted friend?
Run. Five hundred Northmen wait outside the walls. You have twenty men. You can't win. Wait for nightfall and run.
There's nowhere to run. I'd never make it back to the Iron Islands. And even if I did, even if by some miracle I slipped through the lines and made it home, I'd be a coward. The Greyjoy who ran. The shame of the family.
Don't go home. Join the Night's Watch.
Once a man has taken the black, he's beyond reach of the law. All his past crimes are forgiven.
I won't make it to the Wall. I won't make it ten feet past the Winterfell gates.
There are ways. Hidden passageways built so the Lords of Winterfell could escape. The road will be dangerous. But with a little luck...
The Night's Watch is an ancient, honorable order. You'll have opportunities there.
The opportunity for Jon Snow to cut my throat in my sleep.
The opportunity to make amends for what you've done.
I've done a lot, haven't I? Things I never imagined myself doing.
I've known you many years, Theon Greyjoy. You're not the man you're pretending to be. Not yet.
You may be right. But I've gone too far to pretend to be anything else.
You hear that? That's the mating call of the Northmen. They want to fuck us. Well, I haven't had a good fuck in weeks. I'm ready for one.
They say every Ironborn man is worth a dozen from the mainland.
Aye!
You think they're right?
Aye.
We die today, brothers. We die bleeding from a hundred wounds with arrows in our necks and spears in our guts, but our war cries will echo through eternity. They will sing about the battle of Winterfell until the Iron Islands have slipped beneath the waves. Every man, woman and child will know who we were and how long we stood. Aggar and Gelmarr, Wex and Urzen, Stygg and Black Lorren. Ironborn warriors will cry out our names as they leap onto the shores of Seagard and Faircastle.
Mothers will name their sons for us.
Girls will think of us with their lovers inside them.
And whoever kills that fucking horn-blower will stand in bronze above the shores of Pyke!
What is dead may never die!
What is dead may never die!
Thought he'd never shut up.
It was a good speech. Didn't want to interrupt.
What is this? What are you doing?
Let's go home.
Come on.
Why should I believe you?
Why would I lie about it?
To create strife between my sister and me.
Where before there was nothing but love. Ser Mandon Moore tried to kill you on your sister's orders. If it weren't for your squire's bravery, you'd be a dead man.
Yes, my lord?
Would it be excessive of me to ask you to save my life twice in a week?
No, my lord.
You're a good lad. Get Bronn, tell him I want four of his most loyal gold cloaks outside my door at all times.
I'm afraid your friend has been relieved of his command of the City Watch. The gold cloaks are now firmly in the hands of your father or your sister. It varies from cloak to cloak.
Then my hill tribesmen.
Have gone home. Your father paid them quite handsomely. I'm afraid we won't be seeing each other for some time, my lord.
Don't want to swim too close to a drowning man? And I thought we were friends.
We are. Podrick, would you mind?
There are many who know that without you this city faced certain defeat. The king won't give you any honors, the histories won't mention you, but we will not forget.
Come along now, Podrick.
My love.
It was good of you to come.
Good of me? Of course I come.
I want to see you.
Believe me, you don't.
Have you looked?
I will be the first.
Well?
You are a mess.
I'm a monster as well as a dwarf. You should charge me double.
You think I'm here for money?
That was the arrangement we made. I pay you and you lie to me.
Oh. I'm a poor little rich man and nobody loves me, so I make jokes all the time and pay them to laugh. Fuck your money. Let's leave.
Leave?
Leave King's Landing. They tried to kill you. They will try again. Going into wars, fighting soldiers, you're terrible at this. Let's take a boat to Pentos and never come back. You don't belong here.
What would we do in Pentos?
Eat, drink, fuck, live.
I want to go with you.
So do it. Your father, your sister, all these bad people, they can't stop you. Forget about them. Come with me.
I can't. I do belong here. These bad people are what I'm good at. Out-talking them, out-thinking them. It's what I am. And I like it. I like it more than anything I've ever done. Are you going to leave?
You have a shit memory. I am yours and you are mine.
In the sight of the Seven, I hereby seal these two souls, binding them as one for eternity. Look upon one another and say the words.
Father, smith, warrior, mother ,maiden, crone, stranger.
Father, smith, warrior, mother,maiden, crone, stranger.
I am hers and she is mine from this day until the end of my days.
I am his and he is mine from this day until the end of my days.
A house of ghosts, Khaleesi.
Where are the guards?
No guards. The warlocks kill with sorcery, not steel.
Let them try.
Is this a riddle?
Khaleesi! Khaleesi!
Are you trying to frighten me with magic tricks? You want me? Here I am. Are you afraid of a little girl?
How did he find us?
What are you doing here?
Waiting for you.
How did you know we'd come this way?
After all the things you have seen, this is your question?
How did you kill those guards? Was it hard?
No harder than taking a new name, if you know the way.
Show me how. I want to be able to do it, too.
If you would learn, you must come with me.
Where?
Far and away across the Narrow Sea to Braavos.
My dancing master was from Braavos.
To be a dancing master is a special thing, but to be a faceless man, that is something else entirely. The girl has many names on her lips. Joffrey, Cersei, Tywin Lannister, llyn Payne, the Hound. Names to offer up to the Red God. She could offer them all one by one.
I want to. But I can't. I need to find my brother and mother. And my sister. I need to find her, too.
Then we must part. A man has duties as well. Here.
What is it?
A coin of great value.
Could it buy a horse?
It is not meant for the buying of horses.
Then what good is it?
If the day comes when you must find me again, just give that coin to any man from Braavos and say these words to him, "Valar Morghulis."
Valar Morghulis.
Please don't go, Jaqen.
Jaqen is dead. Say it again. Valar Morghulis.
Good.
Farewell, Arya Stark.
Osha, what are you doing?
Tell us what medicine to get from your chambers.
We'll make you better.
I feel just fine.
They burned it down. They burned everything.
Not everything. Not you. But they may come back. You have to go. Put on your warmest clothes. Pack as much food as you can carry and go north.
North's the wrong way. And mother and brother are south. We don't know where.
There are too many enemies in the south. Go to the Wall, to Jon. He'll look after you and let your mother know you're safe.
I don't want to leave you.
No more than I want to leave you. I pulled you into the world. Both of you. I've seen both your faces almost every day since. And for that, I consider myself very, very lucky. Go now with Hodor. Go on. I'll be right here.
Osha. You must protect them. You're the only one who can. You may have to protect them against your own kind.
I've got no great love for my own kind. I'll get you milk of the poppy. Tell me where to find it.
I don't want milk of the poppy.
Do it quickly.
Moon of my life.
This is dark magic, like the magic that took you from me. Took you from me before I could even Maybe I am dead and I just don't know it yet. Maybe I am with you in the Night Lands.
Or maybe I refused to enter the Night Lands without you. Maybe I told the Great Stallion to go fuck himself and came back here to wait for you.
That sounds like something you would do.
Or maybe it is a dream. Your dream, my dream I do not know. These are questions for wise men with skinny arms.
You are the moon of my life. That is all I know and all I need to know.
And if this is a dream, I will kill the man who tries to wake me.
Until the sun rises in the west and sets in the east, until the rivers run dry and the mountains blow in the wind like leaves.
They miss their mother.
They want to be with you.
Do you want to be with them?
You will be.
When your dragons were born,
our magic was born again.
It is strongest in their presence.
And they are strongest in yours.
You will be with them, through winter, summer, winter again. Across a thousand, thousand seasons you will be with them.
And we will be with you until time comes to an end.
Welcome home, Daenerys Stormborn.
This is not my home. My home is across the sea, where my people are waiting for me.
They will be waiting a long time.
Dracarys.
We should be there by sundown. Won't be a fun night for you. Mance knows how to make crows sing. If you know what to say, you might just make it through the night. Not talking's not the way to go.
Careful with that. You might cut yourself.
Never swung a sword before, have you? You look like a baby with a rattle.
Enough of that!
Stop!
Why, traitor? So you can give Mance Rayder an invitation to Castle Black?
Let 'em fight.
That's it? That's what you can do? You little shit.
Your traitor father teach you that?
Or was it your whore mother?
We are the watchers on the Wall.
You can tell Mance that's the man who killed Qhorin Halfhand.
Burn the body.
Aye.
You don't want this one coming back for you.
Come along, Jon Snow.
Time to meet the King-beyond-the-Wall.
What the-
Khaleesi, please. He said you'd never leave Qarth alive.
Come.
Nothing.
Thank you, Xaro Xhoan Daxos. Thank you for teaching me this lesson.
I am king of Qarth. I can help you now, truly help you. We can take the Iron Throne. I'll bring you a thousand ships.
Please, Khaleesi, I beg you.
All that you have dreamed is within your reach!
I beg you, please!
Khaleesi.
Please! Please!
Khaleesi!
It's all a lie.
Looks real enough to me. Real enough to buy a ship?
Aye, a small ship.
Take all the gold and jewels.
I thought we were coming north to fight wildlings.
Is this goat?
It's moose. People shouldn't live anywhere you need to burn shit to keep warm.
Well, you see a tree, let me know.
If you step back and think about it, the thing about Gilly that's so interesting is
Just bloody kill me.
No, truly. The thing about her that I find so interesting is that after all that Craster's done to her, she's still got hope that life might get better.
The thing about Gilly that you find so interesting is that she said six words to you.
And the thing about you that I find so interesting is absolutely nothing.
It's Jon and the Halfhand. They're back.
Two blasts is wildlings. You're not fighting them alone.
Come on.
Three blasts?
Run!
Wait! Wait for me!
Grenn!
Edd!
Fall back!
Brother?
Did you send the ravens?
Tarly, look at me. Did you send the ravens?
That was your job. Your only job. We need to get back to the Wall. It's a long march. We know what's out there, but we have to make it, have to warn them or before winter's done, everyone you've ever known will be dead.
CREDITS
First time you've seen a giant, Jon Snow?
Well, don't stare too long. They're shy. When they stop being shy, they get angry. And when they're angry, I've seen them pound a man straight into the ground like a hammer on a nail.
Crow!
Crow!
Look over there!
Crow! Look over here! Look!
Ah, look, crow coming!
You're wearing the wrong color.
Mance was a ranger.
In your hearts, all you crows want to fly free.
When I'm free, will I be free to go?
Sure, you will.
Oh!
And I'll be free to kill you. Got no respect, this lot. Got no fathers to slap 'em when they're foul.
What happened to their fathers?
Some of them were killed by crows like you. Don't look so grim, Jon Snow. If Mance Rayder likes you, you'll live another day. And if he don't...
I smell a crow.
We killed his friends. Thought you'd want to question this one.
What do we want with a baby crow?
This baby killed Qhorin Halfhand. He wants to be one of us.
That half-handed cunt killed friends of mine. Friends twice your size.
My father told me big men fall just as quick as little ones if you put a sword through their hearts.
Plenty of little men tried to put their swords through my heart. And there's plenty of little skeletons buried in the woods. What's your name, boy?
Jon Snow.
Your Grace.
Your Grace? Did you hear that? From now on, you'd better kneel every time I fart.
Stand, boy. We don't kneel for anyone beyond the Wall.
So, you're Ned Stark's bastard. Thank you for the gift, Lord of Bones. You can leave us.
The girl likes you. You like her back, Snow? That why you want to join us?
Don't panic, boy. This isn't the damned Night's Watch where we make you swear off girls.
This chicken eater you thought was king is Tormund Giantsbane.
Can't believe this pup killed the Halfhand.
He was our enemy and I'm glad he's dead.
He was my brother once. Back when he had a whole hand. What were you doing with him?
The Lord Commander sent me to the Halfhand for seasoning.
Why?
He wants me to lead one day.
But here you are, a traitor kneeling before the King-Beyond-the-Wall.
If I'm a traitor, then you are, too.
Why do you want to join us, Jon Snow?
I want to be free.
No, I don't think so. I think what you want most of all is to be a hero. I'll ask you one last time ... why do you want to join us?
We stopped at Craster's Keep on the way north. I saw...
You saw what?
I saw Craster take his own baby boy and leave it in the woods. I saw what took it.
You're telling me you saw one of them? And why would that make you desert your brothers?
Because when I told the Lord Commander, he already knew. Thousands of years ago, the First Men battled the White Walkers and defeated them. I want to fight for the side that fights for the living. Did I come to the right place?
We'll need to find you a new cloak.
What if you took off that bit there?
Don't you want to leave something to the imagination?
Trouble is, I've never had much imagination.
I want you to take it off.
Mouth.
Ser Bronn. Ser Bronn.
I didn't hear that.
Apologies, ser.
Back away. Keep backing away till you're outside this establishment. Then back away some more.
Lord Tyrion sent me.
I will murder you, boy.
He said it was a matter of life and death.
Pod?
It's your sister. The queen.
What are they doing here?
Protecting me, I assume. Will you let me in?
No, I don't think so.
If I wanted to kill you, do you think I'd let a wooden door stop me?
They stay outside.
I'm not afraid of you, little brother.
Why are you here?
I wanted to see your face. They said you'd lost your nose, but it's not as gruesome as all that.
The man who cut me lost more than his nose.
I should hope so. The rebels came for Joffrey's head, they lost their own. Thanks to Father.
Thanks to Father. Of course, it wasn't a rebel who tried to kill me.
No? Curious. Bit of a comedown from chamber of the Hand. But then I don't suppose you need much room.
Grand Maester Pycelle made the same joke. You must be proud to be as funny as a man whose balls brush his knees.
You're meeting Father today?
How do you know that?
Because I have hundreds of spies in my employ. The Master of Whisperers owes me a favor or two. Father told me. What do you want from him?
What do I want from him? He's my father. Do I need to want something? I'm sure he loves me dearly, as any father loves his child, his baby boy. Yet he hasn't come to visit once since arriving in King's Landing. I lay here, my face split in half, but Father never came.
You're going to make me cry.
Why do you care what I want from him?
Because you've slandered me to Father before.
Slandered? When?
You told him I had my guards beat that servant girl at Casterly Rock.
You did have your guards beat her. A girl of nine, I believe.
I was nine, too.
She lost an eye, if I remember correctly.
If I remember correctly, she never stole a necklace again.
It's not slander if it's true.
And what's this truth you plan on telling him today?
Why are you so nervous about what I'm going to say to Father?
Because you're a liar. I expect you'll tell lies about me, about Joffrey.
Any lies in particular?
You're a clever man, but you're not half as clever as you think you are.
Still makes me more clever than you.
Oh, look at these two shining warriors. Ser Taryn Mant and... Ser Whosit of Whocares.
Ser Meryn Trant.
Ser Bronn of the Blackwater.
You're no knight.
Pod.
Ser Bronn of the Blackwater was anointed by the king himself.
You're an up-jumped cutthroat, nothing more.
That's exactly who I am. And you're a grub in fancy armor who's better at beating little girls than fighting men. Now, I have an appointment with Lord Tyrion.
You put your hand on that door, you lose the hand.
As much as I appreciate a walk in the sunshine, your lordship, I am wondering why you sent for me.
A number of people in this city want to kill me. You're here to protect me.
I've been doing that for a while now.
Do you grow bored protecting me?
I grow poor protecting you.
Poor? Poor? Under my patronage you've become a knight, you've served as Commander of the City Watch.
Briefly.
I'm sure you filled your pockets.
And now my pockets are empty. You've given me a taste for the finer things. And if you want me to carry on protecting you, you'll need to pay more.
I thought we were friends.
We are. But I'm a sellsword. I sell my sword. I don't loan it out to friends as a favor.
How much?
Double.
Double?
I'm a knight now. Knights are worth double.
I don't even know how much I'm paying you now.
Which means you can afford it.
Here. Here! Help me!
Who are you?
I was in the battle at Blackwater. I was a captain and a knight.
Aye, ser, and serving which king?
The one true king of Westeros... Stannis Baratheon.
I thought you were dead. Everyone thought you were dead. And your son?
He may have swam ashore as you did.
No, the wildfire took him. I saw it.
I'm so sorry, my friend. I, too, have lost a son. There is nothing worse in this world. But, Davos, you were a good father.
If I was a good father, he'd still be here. Stannis lives?
He licks his wounds at Dragonstone.
Will you take me there?
There is nothing for me at Dragonstone.
This war is not over.
Not for you, maybe. But for Salladhor Saan, the war is over.
We're both sworn to King Stannis.
I am sworn to no man. I promised you 30 ships and you promised me riches and glory. I delivered the ships.
Stannis never gives up. Never. Now he will regroup ...
He's a broken man. His fleet lies at the bottom of Blackwater Bay. They say he sees no one ... not his generals, not even his wife. Only the Red Woman whispering in his ear, telling him what she sees in the flames and burning men alive.
What?
They built a great fire when Stannis returned. All those who spoke against her she called servants of darkness. They say she sang to them as they burned.
I'm a pirate.
You're a smuggler.
Servants of darkness. I'm thinking Dragonstone is a good place for us to avoid.
Take me back there, please.
You cannot turn Stannis against her.
Maybe not, but I could carve her heart out.
You could try. If you fail, they will burn you. If you succeed, they'll burn you. And you've only just come back to life. Stay alive a little longer, my friend.
You call me friend. You drank with me on my wedding day.
And you drank with me on four of my wedding days, but I don't ask you for favors.
I have to stop her. Please, do this for me.
When you are dead, I will gather your bones in a little sack and let your widow wear them around her neck.
We should set the siege lines a thousand yards from Harrenhal.
There won't be a siege. The Mountain can't defend a ruin.
I imagine the Mountain will defend whatever Tywin Lannister tells him to defend.
The Lannisters have been running from us since Oxcross. I'd love a fight. The men would love a fight. I don't think we're going to get one.
Two hundred Northmen slaughtered like sheep.
The debt will be repaid, my friend. For them and for your sons.
Will it? They rot in the ground while their killer runs free.
The Kingslayer won't remain free for long. My best hunters are after him.
A Mallister?
Ser Jeremy. My father's bannerman.
Find her a chamber that will serve as a cell.
She's your mother.
She freed Jaime Lannister. The Lannisters robbed them of their sons and she robbed them of their justice.
Water. Water.
This needs to be cleaned and closed.
What's your name, friend?
Qyburn.
You're lucky to be alive.
Lucky?
The badge looks good on you. Almost as good as it looked on me. Are you enjoying your new position?
Am I enjoying it?
I was very happy as Hand of the King.
Yes. I heard how happy you were.
blows on his paper to dry the ink.
You brought a whore into my bed.
It wasn't your bed at the time.
I sent you here to advise the king. I gave you real power and authority. You chose to spend your days as you always have, bedding harlots and drinking with thieves.
Occasionally I drank with the harlots.
What do you want, Tyrion?
Why does everyone assume I want something? Can't I simply visit with my beloved father? My beloved father who somehow forgot to visit his wounded son after he fell on the battlefield.
Maester Pycelle assured me your wounds were not fatal.
I organized the defense of this city while you held court in the ruins of Harrenhal. I led the foray when the enemies were at the gate while your grandson, the king, quivered in fear behind the walls. I bled in the mud for our family. And as my reward, I was trundled off to some dark little cell. But what do I want? A little bloody gratitude would be a start.
Jugglers and singers require applause. You are a Lannister. Do you think I demanded a garland of roses every time I suffered a wound on a battlefield? Hmm? Now, I have seven kingdoms to look after and three of them are in open rebellion. So tell me what you want.
I want what is mine by right. Jaime is your eldest son, heir to your lands and titles. But he is a Kingsguard, forbidden from marriage or inheritance. The day Jaime put on the white cloak, he gave up his claim to Casterly Rock. I am your son and lawful heir.
You want Casterly Rock?
It is mine by right.
We'll find you accommodations more suited to your name and as a reward for your accomplishments during the battle of Blackwater Bay. And when the time is right, you will be given a position fit for your talents so that you can serve your family and protect our legacy. And if you serve faithfully, you will be rewarded with a suitable wife. And I would let myself be consumed by maggots before mocking the family name and making you heir to Casterly Rock.
Why?
Why? You ask that? You, who killed your mother to come into the world? You are an ill-made, spiteful little creature full of envy, lust, and low cunning. Men's laws give you the right to bear my name and display my colors since I cannot prove that you are not mine. And to teach me humility, the gods have condemned me to watch you waddle about wearing that proud lion that was my father's sigil and his father's before him. But neither gods nor men will ever compel me to let you turn Casterly Rock into your whorehouse. Go, now. Speak no more of your rights to Casterly Rock. Go.
Oh, one more thing. The next whore I catch in your bed, I'll hang.
Dorne. It's going to Dorne.
Why Dorne?
It's carrying silk and it's supposed to bring back wine in exchange. But it's not coming back. The captain's tired of risking his life so King's Landing lords and ladies can get drunk on better wine than they deserve. He's going to stay in Dorne. Wait out the winter where it's beautiful and warm.
I met some people in Dorne who weren't so beautiful and warm.
Don't ruin the game.
I told you, I don't want to play.
What about that one there?
That one? It's going to Volantis.
Why?
Because when I got on a ship in Volantis, it looked like that one.
That's not how the game works. You're not supposed to just blurt out the right answer. You've got to invent a story about where the ship is going and why.
Why should I make up a story when I know the truth?
Because the truth is always either terrible or boring.
Lovely day for it. Watching the ships.
Lord Baelish.
Might I speak with Lady Sansa alone for a moment?
I saw your mother not long ago. She's very eager to see you. And your sister.
Arya's alive? You said you'd take me home.
You said King's Landing was your home. You are the property of the crown. Stealing you would be treason. If you were to tell just one person ...
I won't tell anyone.
How do I know?
Because I'm a terrible liar. You said so yourself. Please, Lord Baelish. Tell me what to do. Tell me when.
I'm waiting for word on an assignment that will take me far away from the capital. When I set sail, I might be able to take you with me. But you'll need to be ready to leave on a moment's notice.
You're her handmaiden?
Yes. And you're his...?
I help manage his affairs.
He's an important person.
So is she. I grew up in the shadow of her father's castle. The day she was born, they rang the bells from sunrise till sunset. We've both done rather well, you and I.
Yes.
Given where we started.
And where is that?
It's not easy for girls like us to dig our way out. Watch out for her.
I always do.
Watch out for her with him.
They're growing fast.
Not fast enough. I can't wait that long. I need an army
We'll be in Astapor by nightfall. Some say the Unsullied are the greatest soldiers in the world.
The greatest slave-soldiers in the world. The distinction means a good deal to some people.
Do those people have any better ideas about how to put you on the Iron Throne?
It's too beautiful a day to argue.
You're right. Another lovely day on the high seas.
Don't mock them. They're the first Dothraki who have ever been on a ship. They followed me across the poison water. If they'll do it, others will. And with a true khalasar ...
The Dothraki follow strength above all, khaleesi. You'll have a true khalasar when you prove yourself strong. And not before.
Your Grace.
I heard you were dead.
Not yet.
I had hoped to speak to you alone, Your Grace.
We are alone.
Your Grace, you are the rightful king. Not only by blood. You're an honorable man, a just man. And there is still a war to fight.
I am fighting.
By burning prisoners alive?
How would you punish the infidels, Ser Davos?
I do not judge people for the gods they worship. If I did, I'd have thrown you in the sea before you ever set foot on Dragonstone.
I'm not your enemy.
You are my enemy.
Was it me you fought on Blackwater Bay? Did I set your ships ablaze? I wasn't there when the wildfire killed our men by the thousands. I could have saved those men. You would have taken the city, Stannis would now sit upon his rightful throne, and you would stand beside him. But I wasn't there because you convinced your king to leave me behind. Do you hear them screaming? All those burning men in the water crying for their mothers, for their gods for help? Until the moment the Blackwater swallowed them.
Don't despair, Ser Davos. What I told your son is true.
Death by fire is the purest death.
This woman is evil! She's the mother of demons.
Take him to the dungeon and lock him in a cell.
Your Grace!
Come on.
You've chosen the darkness, Ser Davos.
She will destroy us all!
I will pray for you.
Guard
Guard #2
Why have we stopped?
It's Lady Margaery, Your Grace.
What is she doing? Who gave her permission?
My lady. We should have guards, my lady.
Why?
Pardon me.
Stop, my lady. You'll ruin your dress.
I have others.
Would you like to speak with her, Your Grace?
No.
He was a soldier. He went to fight on the walls when the ships came into Blackwater Bay. He never came back.
And your mother?
She died when she had me.
Bad men wanted to come into this city and do terrible things, but your father stopped them.
Whenever you look at this knight, I want you to remember your father.
He wasn't a knight. He was just a soldier.
And what do knights swear to do? Protect the weak and uphold the good. Your father did that. Be proud of him.
Was your father a soldier, too?
You should be proud, too. Under King Joffrey's leadership, your fathers saved the city. They saved us all. From now on, we're going to take care of you. All of you.
Come to me for whatever you need to feed them, clothe them, or house them. Directly to me.
Your Grace.
Your Grace.
Please, sit. Sit. I do apologize, my lady. Small council meetings. At what point does it become treason to waste the king's time?
That's a lovely gown, my lady.
Yes, it suits you perfectly. I imagine you might be rather cold.
The climate is a bit more forgiving back in Highgarden, Your Grace.
Shall I have them bring you a shawl, my lady?
I am touched by your concern, Your Grace. Luckily for us Tyrells, our blood runs quite warm. Doesn't it, Loras?
Yes.
Loras, isn't the queen's gown magnificent? The fabric, the embroidery, the metalwork. I've never seen anything like it.
You might find a bit of armor quite useful once you become queen. Perhaps before. Joffrey tells me you stopped your carriage at Flea Bottom on your way back from the sept this morning.
Yes. I paid a visit to an orphanage the High Septon told me about.
Margaery does a great deal of work with the poor back in Highgarden.
The lowest among us are no different from the highest if you give them a chance and approach them with an open heart.
An open heart is what you'll get in Flea Bottom if you're not careful, my dear. Not long ago, we were attacked by a mob there. We had a full complement of guards that didn't stop them. The king barely escaped with his life.
My mother's always had a penchant for drama. Facts become less and less important to her as she grows older. Our lives were never truly in danger.
You're right, of course. But you are your father's son. We can't all have a king's bravery.
Hunger turns men into beasts. I'm glad House Tyrell has been able to help in this regard. They tell me 100 wagons arrive daily now from the Reach. Wheat, barley, apples. We've had a blessed harvest. And, of course, it's our duty to assist the capital in time of need.
Well, as Ser Loras said, Lady Margaery has done this sort of... charitable work before. I'm sure she knows what she's doing.
I'm sure she does.
The Unsullied have stood here for a day and a night with no food or water.
They will stand until they drop.
Such is their obedience.
They may suit my needs. Tell me of their training.
The Westrosi woman is pleased with them, but speaks no praise to keep the price down. She wished to know how they are trained.
Tell her what she would know and be quick about it.
They begin their training at five. Every day they drill from dawn to dusk until they have mastered the shortsword, the shield, and the three spears. Only one boy in four survives this rigorous training.
Their discipline and loyalty are absolute. They fear nothing.
Even the bravest men fear death.
The knight says even brave men fear death.
Tell the old man he smells of piss.
Truly, master?
No, not truly. Are you a girl or a goat to ask such a thing?
My master says the Unsullied are not men. Death means nothing to them.
Tell this ignorant whore of a Westerner to open her eyes and watch.
He begs you attend to this carefully, Your Grace.
Tell the good master there is no need.
She's worried about their nipples? Doers the dumb bitch know we've cut off their balls?
My master points out that men don't need nipples.
Here, I'm done with you.
This one is pleased to have served you.
To win his shield, an Unsullied must go to the slave marts with a silver mark, find a newborn, and kill it before its mother's eyes. This way, my master says, we make certain there is no weakness left in them.
You take a babe from its mother's arms, kill it as she watches, and pay for her pain with a silver coin?
She is offended. She asks if you pay a sliver coin to the mother for her dead baby.
What a soft mewling fool this one is.
My master would like you to know that the silver is paid to the baby's owner, not the mother.
How many do you have to sell?
Eight thousand.
Tell the Westerosi whore she has until tomorrow.
Master Kraznys asks that you please hurry. Many other buyers are interested.
Eight thousand dead babies.
The Unsullied are a means to an end.
Once I own them, these men...
They're not men. Not anymore.
Once I own an army of slaves, what will I be?
Do you think these slaves will have better lives serving Kraznys and men like him or serving you?
You'll be fair to them. You won't mutilate them to make a point.
You won't order them to murder babies. You'll see they're properly fed and sheltered. A great injustice has been done to them. Closing your eyes will not undo it.
The warlocks.
I owe you my life, Ser.
The honor is mine, my queen.
You know this man?
I know him as one of the greatest fighters the Seven Kingdoms has ever seen and as the Lord Commander of Robert Baratheon's Kingsguard.
King Robert is dead. I have been searching for you, Daenerys Stormborn, to ask your forgiveness. I was sworn to protect your family. I failed them.
Don't think too much, Bran.
Relax your bow arm.
And which one of you was a marksman at ten?
Father?
You can't kill it, you know.
Why not?
Because the raven is you.
Hodor.
It's all right, Hodor.
Were you inside the wolf again, little lord?
No, it was the three-eyed raven.
He's back.
I tried to kill it, but I couldn't. There was a boy.
I don't want to hear about it.
But you asked.
We've got plenty of worries. We don't need to pour black magic on top of them.
I didn't ask for black magic dreams.
I know you didn't, little lord.
We need to move.
We don't know who might be after us. No one even knows we're alive.
And who told you that? The three-eyed raven tell you?
No.
Some good he is, then.
I don't know what other people know and what they don't. I only know the Wall is a long way off.
My mother always told me you Westerosi were a grim lot. Grim, bearded, stinking barbarians that would row across the Narrow Sea and steal us from our beds.
Did you ever think you'd marry one?
I never thought I'd marry anyone at all.
Never?
Not until I met the king of the grim, bearded, stinking barbarians.
Pardon me, Your Grace. My queen.
Lord Bolton.
Let me guess which one is the good news.
Word from Riverrun and Winterfell.
I hadn't seen him in years. I don't even know how many.
We'll travel to the funeral together. Lord Bolton will garrison here until we return.
Will I be wearing manacles when I lay my father to rest?
Something else?
By the time Bolton's bastard Ramsay got to Winterfell, the Ironborn were gone. They massacred everyone and put the castle to the torch. And Bran and Rickon have not been found. They may have escaped. Or Theon may have taken them back to the Iron Islands as hostages.
Have you received any demands?
No.
Have you heard anything from Theon at all?
Where am I? Who are you? What do you want?
I want to do this.
Do you know how long it's going to take us to get to King's Landing walking through fields and forests?
Yes.
So how shall we pass the time?
By putting one foot in front of the other.
It's going to be a very dull walk.
I'm here to take you to King's Landing and bring back Lady Stark's daughters in exchange. Dull is fine.
You know, it doesn't matter how loyal a servant you are, no one enjoys the company of a humorless mute. Trust me on this. People have been serving me since I was born. You think Lady Stark is going to want a giant towheaded plank following her around for the rest of her life? A week's journey with you and she'll order you to fall on your sword.
If Lady Stark is unhappy with any aspect of my service, I'm sure she'll let me know. She's an honest woman.
All the good it's done her.
How did you come into Lady Stark's service? There's something we can talk about.
Not your concern, Kingslayer.
It had to be recently. You weren't with her at Winterfell.
How would you know?
Because I visited Winterfell. I would have noticed your dour head smacking into the archways.
Move.
Were you pledged to Stannis?
Gods, no.
Ah, Renly. Really? He wasn't fit to rule over anything more important than a 12-course meal.
Shut your mouth.
Why? I lived with him at court since he was a boy, don't forget. Could hardly escape the little tulip. Skipping down the corridors in his embroidered silks. I knew him far better than you.
I knew him as well as anyone. As a member of his Kingsguard, he trusted me with everything. He would have been a wonderful king.
Sounds like you quite fancied him.
I did not fancy him.
Oh, gods, you did.
Did you ever tell him? No, of course not. You weren't Renly's type, I'm afraid.
He preferred curly-haired little girls like Loras Tyrell. You're far too much man for him.
I'm not interested in foul rumors.
Unless they're about me. It's all true about Renly. His proclivities were the worst kept secret at court. It's a shame the throne isn't made out of cocks. They'd have never got him off it.
Shut your mouth!
I don't blame him. And I don't blame you, either. We don't get to choose who we love.
Where are you headed, then?
South. You?
Riverrun. Staying off the kingsroad, are you? They get you no matter where you go. You can't win.
No, you really can't.
Looks like you're safe enough, though. Meaning no offense, my lady, but I wouldn't tangle with you. Seven blessings to you.
And you.
He knows who I am.
He doesn't.
Maybe you're right. But what if you're not? What if he tells someone?
We're not doing it. He's an innocent man.
More innocent than Lady Stark's daughters?
Make it tighter here.
That's better. It makes you look very strong.
No flowers. I said no flowers. All these are wrong. Bring others.
Yes, Your Grace.
Bloody flowers. On the king.
Looks like a Tyrell rose. Give it to Margaery for her wedding gown. Should be more than enough fabric.
Tell me what you think of her.
Who?
Margaery.
She's an ideal match. With the Tyrells beside us, we'll crush the Northerners. Hang their lords, burn their strongholds, sow their fields with salt, and no one will think of rebelling for another century.
It is a good match, but what do you think of her? She's beautiful and intelligent.
Yes, she is.
Her concern with the well-being of the common people is interesting.
Not to me.
I only meant that to go out of your way to endanger yourself.
This is becoming one of the most boring conversations I've ever had.
Margaery Tyrell dotes on filthy urchins for a reason. She dresses like a harlot for a reason. She married a traitor and known degenerate like Renly Baratheon for a reason.
She married Renly Baratheon because she was told to. That's what intelligent women do-what they're told.
You need to ask yourself
I don't need to do anything.
Better. Much better.
I still don't believe it.
He didn't. He didn't want anything. He just takes an interest because he loved my mother.
Men only want one thing from a pretty girl.
Littlefinger's not in love with me.
Love is not the thing he wants.
He's too old.
They never see it that way. He didn't ask you to do something for him? Spy on someone or...?
No.
If he does ask you for anything or try anything or touch you, I want you to tell me.
Why? What will you do? I will make him stop.
Ser Loras Tyrell, my lady.
Send him in.
Lady Sansa.
Ser Loras.
My sister Margaery invites you to take the air with her and our grandmother, the Lady Olenna, in the gardens. May I escort you to them?
I believe you grow more beautiful every day, Lady Sansa.
You are too kind, Ser Loras. You probably don't remember the first time we met. At the Hando s tourney, you gave me your favor. A rose, a red rose.
Of course I did.
It's more your color. You take it.
Thank you.
You're such a dear.
I'll take my leave. Lady Sansa.
Thank you, Ser Loras.
Come. Lady Sansa, it is my honor to present my grandmother the Lady Olenna of House Tyrell.
Kiss me, child.
It's so good of you to visit me and my foolish flock of hens. We're very sorry for your losses.
And I was sorry when I heard of Lord Renly's death, Lady Margaery. He was very gallant.
Gallant, yes. And charming and very clean. He knew how to dress and smile and somehow this gave him the notion he was fit to be king.
Renly was brave and gentle, Grandmother. Father liked him and so did Loras.
Loras is young and very good at knocking men off horses with a stick. That does not make him wise. As to your fathead father-
Grandmother! What will Sansa think of us?
She might think we have some wits about us. One of us, at any rate. It was treason. I warned them. Robert has two sons and Renly has an older brother. How could he possibly have any claim to that ugly iron chair? We should have stayed well out of all this if you ask me. But once the cow's been milked, there's no squirting the cream back up her udders. So here we are to see things through. What do you say to that, Sansa? Shall we have some lemon cakes?
Lemon cake's my favorite.
So we've been told. Are you going to bring the food or do you mean to starve us to death? Here, Sansa, come sit with me. I'm much less boring than these others.
Do you know my son? The Lord of Highgarden?
I haven't had the pleasure.
No great pleasure, believe me. A ponderous oaf. His father was an oaf as well. My husband, the late Lord Luthor. He managed to ride off a cliff whilst hawking. They say he was looking up at the sky and paying no mind to where his horse was taking him. And now my son is doing the same, only this time he's riding a lion instead of a horse. Now I want you to tell me the truth about this royal boy, this Joffrey.
I-, I-
You, you. Who else would know better? We've heard some troubling tales. Is there any truth to them? Has this boy mistreated you?
Has he ripped out your tongue?
Joff-King Joffrey, he-His Grace is very fair and handsome and as brave as a lion
Yes, all Lannisters are lions. And when a Tyrell farts, it smells like a rose. But how kind is he? How clever? Has he a good heart, a gentle hand?
I'm to be his wife. I only want to know what that means.
Bring me some cheese.
The cheese will be served after the cakes, my lady.
The cheese will be served when I want it served. And I want it served now.
Are you frightened, child? No need for that. We're only women here. Tell us the truth. No harm will come to you.
My father always told the truth.
Yes, he had that reputation. And they named him traitor and took his head.
Joffrey. Joffrey did that. He promised he would be merciful and he cut my father's head off. And he said that was mercy. Then he took me up on the walls and made me look at it.
Go on.
I-I can't. I never meant-my father was a traitor. My brother as well. I have traitor's blood. Please don't make me say anymore.
She's terrified, Grandmother. Just look at her.
Speak freely, child. We would never betray your confidence, I swear it.
He's a monster.
Ah. That's a pity.
Please, don't stop the wedding.
Have no fear. The Lord Oaf of Highgarden is determined that Margaery shall be queen. Even so, we thank you for the truth. Ah, here comes my cheese.
We're at war. This march is a distraction.
My grandfather's funeral is not a distraction.
Are we riding to battle at Riverrun?
Then it's a distraction.
My Uncle Edmure has his forces garrisoned there. We need his men.
Unless he's been breeding them, he don't have enough to make a difference.
Have you lost faith in our cause?
If it's revenge, I still got faith in it.
If you no longer believe-
I can believe till it snows in Dorne. Don't change the fact that we've got half the men.
You don't think we can win?
May I speak my mind, Your Grace?
Have you not been speaking your mind, Lord Karstark?
I think you lost this war the day you married her.
Whoa, whoa.
Your Grace.
You're afraid of her. And she knows it.
I'm not afraid of her. May I help you, Lady Stark?
No.
I'm sorry, I shouldn't have-
You can't help because a mother makes one for her children to protect them. Only a mother can make them.
You've made them before?
Twice.
Did they work?
After a fashion. I prayed for my son Bran to survive his fall.
Many years before that, one of the boys came down with the pox. Maester Luwin said if he made it through the night, he'd live. But it would be a very long night. So I sat with him all through the darkness. Listened to his ragged little breaths, his coughing, his whimpering.
Which boy?
Jon Snow. When my husband brought that baby home from the war, I couldn't bear to look at him. I didn't want to see those brown stranger's eyes staring up at me. So I prayed to the gods, take him away. Make him die. He got the pox. And I knew I was the worst woman who ever lived. A murderer. I'd condemned this poor, innocent child to a horrible death all because I was jealous of his mother. A woman he didn't even know. So I prayed to all seven gods, let the boy live. Let him live and I'll love him. I'll be a mother to him. I'll beg my husband to give him a true name, to call him Stark and be done with it, to make him one of us.
And he lived.
And he lived. And I couldn't keep my promise. And everything that's happened since then all this horror that's come to my family it's all because I couldn't love a motherless child.
Was it hard for you to kill the Halfhand?
Yes.
You liked him? I like you, but if you're playing us false, it won't be hard for me to kill you. I've got wildling blood in my veins. These are my people.
I understand.
Well, how could you understand?
You want to protect your people.
Do you know what it takes to unite 90 clans, half of whom want to massacre the other half for one insult or another? They speak seven different languages in my army. The Thenns hate the Hornfoots. The Hornfoots hate the ice-river clans. Everyone hates the cave people. So you know how I got moon worshippers and cannibals and giants to march together in the same army?
No.
I told them we were all going to die if we don't get south. Because that's the truth.
Shouldn't be long now.
What's wrong with him?
He's a warg. He can enter the mind of animals, see through their eyes. He's scouting for us.
What, you've never met a warg?
Orell.
Where were you this time?
The Fist of the First Men.
What did you see?
Dead crows.
What's the matter, Piggy? You crying 'cause you're cold? There's 200 brothers killed by dead men and you're still here whimpering. That seem fair to you? I seen 'em torn to pieces fighting while you was off somewhere hiding in a hole. Why don't you lie down and rest for a while, eh? You know you want to.
Hey. Get up, Sam.
No.
Get up.
I can't.
If you stop, you'll die.
Course if you don't stop, you'll probably die, too.
You don't care.
Course we care.
You left me. When the white walkers came, you left me.
Aye, we left you. You're fat and you're slow. We didn't want to die.
Help me get him up.
Looks like that piggy is done for.
Help us get him up.
He's slowing us down.
Just get him up!
Why? So the rest of us can die? We'll move faster without him.
What is this? Get up, Tarly. Is he all right?
Aye, I think so.
If he can't, we may as well just go without him.
That's enough. Tarly, I forbid you to die. Do you hear me?
Why should the rest of us-
Rast, you're responsible for him.
What am I supposed to do?
Make sure he gets back alive. If he doesn't, you don't. Move on!
I'm not dying for you, Piggy. You hear me?
Where's Rickon and Hodor?
Looking for food.
What's out there?
Not another step, boy. Unless you want to drown in your own blood.
I'm unarmed.
That was poor planning.
My sister carries the weapons.
I'm better with them. Drop the spear.
Drop it.
If you kill me, that wolf will tear you to bits.
You must be SUMMER.
I'm Jojen Reed. This is my sister Meera. We've come a long way to find you, Brandon. And we have much farther to go.
I'm just trying to understand.
Would you please shut up about it?
Jaqen H'ghar offered you three kills.
I'm not listening.
But just explain it to me. He offered to kill any three people you wanted. Dead. All you had to do was give him the names. Anyone. You could have picked King Joffrey.
Shut up.
You could have picked Tywin Lannister.
Jaqen got us out of Harrenhal, so why are you complaining?
But you could have ended the war.
Where are we going?
North.
If we were going north, we should have come to the Red Fork River by now.
Maybe we already passed it.
It's a hundred feet wide. How could we have passed it? If we hit the Red Fork, we can follow it west to Riverrun. My mother grew up there. My grandfather, he's a lord. He'll protect us.
Could be a minstrel.
A lion still has claws...
A minstrel's got gold sometimes. We could jump him, tie him up, steal his gold, and buy some food.
Shh.
And so he spoke, and so he spoke
What's lurking behind that wall? A lion? A wolf?
Just a dirty little cub, I think.
Loose a few more shafts.
Don't.
Put the sword down, girl.
You go on down the road. Just keep on singing so we know where you are. Leave us be and I won't kill you.
Generous.
You're a dangerous person. I like dangerous people. Why are your friends so shy?
What friends?
The fat to your left and the lad beside him.
Three young ones on the run carrying castle-forged swords. You escape from Harrenhal?
Who are you?
Thoros of Myr. And the fellow here with the bow is Anguy.
No, who do you fight for?
The Brotherhood without Banners. Now come along. I want to hear how two boys and a very dangerous girl escaped Harrenhal.
I'm not going with them. The Brotherhood? That's who the Mountain and them lot were looking for. They'll bring us back and put rats in us.
You've got nothing to fear from us, son. The lords of Westeros want to burn the countryside. We're trying to save it. Now come on. We'll talk some more over brown bread and stew. And then you can go on your way.
Here's the thing, fat
When I'm done talking, that arrow's falling down on your fat head. So I advise you move, because I'm done talking.
Half the country's starving and look at this one.
Maybe he's the reason half the country's starving.
My lion.
We've spoken of this. You cannot come here.
But you said I should come to you with any problems.
Did anyone see you? No.
No.
You sure? My father does not make idle threats. Having you killed would be the high point of his week. You have to be absolutely certain.
All right. What is this problem?
I'm worried about Sansa. When she spoke with Lord Baelish, his friend warned me about him.
Baelish doesn't have friends.
I don't know her name.
Oh, Ros? The redhead?
How do you know her?
I try to know as many people as I can. You never know which one you'll need.
She's a whore.
Yes, well, we shouldn't be judgmental about these things.
You fucked her.
Oh, please. All right, yes, I fucked her once. Twice.
But since I met you, my lady, I've been with no one else.
And was she good? Did you like her?
Not as much as I like you, obviously, or she'd be the one torturing me right now. What did she say about Littlefinger?
That Sansa shouldn't trust him.
Is there an idiot in any village who trusts Littlefinger?
We have to protect her.
We can't. Now that the Lannisters have discarded her, Sansa will have many suitors. A great beauty with a very old name.
A great beauty? Oh, a great beauty?
Yes, she is, objectively, very. Her face is quite pleasing-to other men and to women, people in general. But not to me, of course. I only have eyes for you.
You pervert. You want her? This child?
I don't even want to talk about her.
But you are.
Only because you're making me.
I didn't force you to open your mouth and make words come out.
This is cruel and unfair. Cruelly unfair.
Oh, the cruelty. Shae is so cruel to me.
Hmm, yes.
Now do you think I'm cruel?
Only if you stop. But you mustn't come here again.
Do you hear me? You've come to a dangerous place full of dangerous people. Dangerous people.
Lady Tyrell, my king.
Send her in.
You wanted to see me, Your Grace?
I'm leaving on a hunting trip. I just wanted to make sure you had everything you need before I left.
That's very thoughtful, Your Grace. I have everything I could want.
Good. Good. How are you finding life in the capital? It must be quite a change after Renly's camp.
A welcome one. A military encampment is no place for a lady.
And the bedside of a traitor? Is that a place for a lady?
Your Grace, I tried to do my duty as a wife, that is all.
What was your duty to this traitor as you saw it?
The duty of any wife to any husband-to provide him with children.
You failed to do this.
Why? I-I would not speak ill of the dead, Your Grace.
You think one ought to speak kindly of a traitor merely because he's had a sword put through his heart?
No. I do beg your pardon. The subtleties of politics are often lost on me. Renly I don't believe he was interested in the company of women.
What makes you say this?
Whenever I wanted to make a child with him, he-he had so many excuses, so many late-night war councils. He never wanted to try. Except one evening, after he'd had far too much wine to drink, he suggested something-something that sounded very painful and couldn't possibly result in children. Maybe the fault was with me.
No, he was a known degenerate.
It's such a relief to hear you say so, Your Grace.
Mmm. I've considered making his perversion punishable by death.
As is your right. You must do whatever you need to do.
You are the king.
Yes. I am.
Do you like it? I just had it made. Probably one of the finest weapons in the Seven Kingdoms.
It's beautiful. Will you show me how it works?
It's a new design. Much easier to load. There's no crank. You use this lever to draw the string.
The bolt goes here.
And then you just aim and-
Would you take me hunting sometime? Forgive me, Your Grace. I know a hunt is no place for a woman.
It's not unheard of.
My father would never let me before-
You no longer belong to him. Do you want to hold it?
May I? Please.
I imagine it must be so exciting to squeeze your finger here and watch something die over there.
Could you do it? Could you kill something?.
I don't know, Your Grace Do you think I could?
Yes.
Would you like to watch me?
Stop! Stop!
Tell us the truth.
About what?
I don't know what you want.
I want the truth.
What truth?
Why'd you take Winterfell?
I took it to-I took it-
Who gave the orders?
No one. I took it on my own.
Why?
To take the North while it was vulnerable.
What were you going to do once you took it?
Hold it. Rule it.
Good. That's very good.
Why did you do that?
I told you. Why did you take Winterfell?
I took it to bring glory to my house and my father.
Wait. Wait, wait, wait. I took it because I hated the Starks. I hated them for holding me prisoner. I wanted to hurt them.
What are you doing?
Please.
I'll tell you anything. Just take it off. Please. Please, just take it off.
Your sister sent me.
Yara?
I'll come for you tonight when the castle sleeps.
No, don't go. Please, please. No, please don't leave me. Please, please. Please, please don't go! Please. Please. Don't leave me. Please don't go.
Rickon, stay with us.
It's all right. The wolves will protect him.
You can get inside his head, see through his eyes.
Only when I'm asleep.
That's how it begins until you learn to control it. You're a warg.
It's not just wolves. Sometimes in my dreams there's a-
A three-eyed raven?
You've seen it?
We saw him together. You haven't forgotten?
Does it have anything to do with warging?
No, the raven is something different, something deeper. The raven brings the sight.
Seeing things that haven't happened yet?
Or things that happened long before you were born or things that are happening right now thousands of miles away.
What's he telling him?
Why don't you ask?
Isn't he ashamed, your brother, needing you to protect him?
Where's the shame in that?
Any boy his age who needs his sister to protect him is gonna find himself needing lots of protecting.
Some people will always need help. That doesn't mean they're not worth helping.
When my father died, I dreamt it.
You didn't dream it. You saw it. So did I.
You have the sight, too?
When I told my father about your father for the first time in my life, I saw him cry.
Your father is Howland Reed? Yeah.
Yeah.
He saved my father's life during the rebellion.
Your father told you about the rebellion? Mine never did. But I saw that, too.
What else have you seen?
Only one thing that matters-you.
I never liked the skinny ones. Like drinking from a puddle. Not that I'm averse to drinking from a puddle every now and again, you understand.
I don't drink ale.
There's no story so good a drink won't make it better.
Yeah!
You see? They've all suffered through my bouts of sobriety. It's very tedious for all concerned. Now, how did three children-
We're not children.
How did three young persons such as yourselves, untrained in the art of war, escape from Harrenhal?
Gendry's a smith. He was apprenticed in the armory.
A smith, eh? Where'd you train?
King's Landing. Tobho Mott's shop.
That criminal. He charges twice as much as every other armorer in the city.
That's because he's twice as good.
Aha! A smith and a salesman.
Gendry stole us weapons.
Ah, fought your way out of Harrenhal, I see.
He knows how to use a sword and so do I.
My brothers taught me.
Ooh!
To your brothers!
You can finish your meals before you go. It may be awhile before you see another.
You'll free us?
I gave you my word.
But before you go, allow me to raise a cup to your-
Hey, hey.
Now that is an uncommonly large person. How does one manage to subdue such an uncommonly large person?
One waits for him to drink until he passes out.
Poor man. You have my sympathy.
Aha, not a man at all. A Hound!
So good to see you again, Clegane.
Thoros? The fuck you doing here?
Drinking and talking too much. Same as ever.
A pretty prize, lads.
Yeah!
Girl.
What in seven hells are you doing with the Stark bitch?
It's a tough decision - take the bridge and risk being seen or cross the great water.
Silence, Kingslayer.
Anyone can see us on the bridge, but cross by water and the current could take us or I could escape down the river.
Good luck.
It's wonderful to watch you wrestle with these dilemmas. Which will she choose?
Gambler at heart. Wouldn't have guessed.
Be quick about it.
I need to rest.
Get up.
I have these, you know, on your feet when you walk too far. What do you call them?
Get up now.
Corns. I never used to get corns. Of course I used to ride everywhere, not march around like a common foot soldier wearing the same shit boots for over a year.
This heel is ruined. There's no way-
I never understood why some knights felt the need to carry two swords.
Ooh. You move well for a great beast of a woman.
You shouldn't grimace before you lunge. It gives away the game.
Bit of a quandary for you. If you kill me, you fail Lady Stark. But if you don't kill me, I'm going to kill you.
You're good. Graceless, but good.
See? If you were willing to hurt me, you might have had me there.
Looks like your woman's getting the better of you, if you can call that a woman.
We enjoy a good fight. Gets our juices flowing. The Flayed Man of House Bolton. A bit gruesome for my taste.
You sure he's the one?
That's him, all right. I saw him fight at the tourney for Ser Willem Frey's wedding.
Give the man his silver.
Let us go and my father will pay you whatever you want.
Enough to buy me a new head? If the King in the North hears I had the Kingslayer and let him go, he'll be taking it right off. I'd rather he takes yours.
If I may, nephew, I encountered a situation with one of my lieutenants at the Stone Mill which may have some bearing-
Why don't you shut your mouth about that damned mill? And don't call him "nephew." He is your king.
Robb knows I meant him no disr-
You're lucky I'm not your king. I wouldn't let you wave your blunders around like a victory flag.
My blunder sent Tywin's mad scurrying back to Casterly Rock with his tail between his legs. I think King Robb understands we're not gonna win this war if he's the only one winning any battles. No, there's glory enough to go around.
It's not about glory. Your instructions were to wait for him to come to you.
I seized an opportunity.
What value was the mill?
The Mountain was garrisoned across the river from it.
Is he there now? Of course not.
We took the fight to him. He could not withstand us.
I wanted to draw the Mountain into the west, into our country where we could surround him and kill him. I wanted him to chase us, which he would have done because he is a mad without a strategic thought in his head. I could have that head on a spike by now. Instead, I have a mill.
We took hostages. Willem Lannister. Martyn Lannister.
Willem and Martyn Lannister are fourteen years old.
Martyn is fifteen, I believe.
Tywin Lannister has my sisters. Have I sued for peace?
No.
Do you think he'll sue for peace because we have his father's brother's great-grandsons?
How many men did you lose?
But for every man we lost, the Lannisters-
We need our men more than Tywin needs his!
I'm sorry. I didn't know.
You would have. Right here today at this gathering if you had been patient.
We seem to be running short of patience here.
You know who isn't? Tywin Lannister.
Intimate. Lovely table. Better chairs than the old small council chamber. Conveniently close to your own quarters. I like it.
What news of Jaime?
Twenty thousand unwashed Northerns have known about his escape for weeks. Collectively, you control more spies and informants than the rest of the world combined. Do you mean to tell me that none of you has any notion of where he is?
We are trying, my lord.
Try harder. What do we have, then?
Robb Stark and most of his bannermen are in Riverrun for the funeral of his grandfather Lord Hoster Tully. In Stark's absence, Roose Bolton holds Harrenhal, which would seem to make him Lord of Harrenhal, in practice if not in name.
Well, let him have it. The name suits our purposes far more than that useless pile of rubble. The Lord of Harrenhal will make a worthy suitor for the widow Arryn.
For which I am extremely grateful to you, my lord. Lady Arryn and I have known each other since we were children. She has always been positively predisposed toward me.
A successful courtship would make Lord Baelish acting Lord of the Vale.
Titles do seem to breed titles.
You'll leave for the Eyrie as soon as possible and bring Lysa Arryn into the fold. Then the young wolf can add his own aunt to the list of people who have taken up arms against him.
Far be it from me to hinder true love, but Lord Baelish's absence would present certain problems. The royal wedding may end up being the most expensive event in living memory. Summer has ended, hard days lie ahead. Not a good time to leave the crown's finances unattended.
Fully agreed. Which is why I'm naming you new Master of Coin.
Master of Coin?
It would appear to be a position that best suits your talents.
I'm quite good at spending money, but a lifetime of outrageous wealth hasn't taught me much about managing it.
I have no doubt you will prove equal to this challenge.
Hear, hear.
He lifted her high in the air. He sniffed and roared and smelled her there. She kicked and wailed, a maid so fair. But he licked the honey from her hair. From there to here, from here to there. All black and brown and covered with hair. He smelled that girl in the summer air. The bear, the bear and the maiden fair.
I hope you're pleased. If you had armed me, they never would have taken us.
You were armed when we were taken.
I was in chains if you recall. Our little match would have ended quite quick if my hands weren't bound.
All my life I've been hearing, 'Jaime Lannister, what a brilliant swordsman.' You were slower than I expected. And more predictable.
I've been sitting in a muddy pen wrapped in chains for the past year.
And I'm a woman. I was still beating you.
You were not beating me.
Maybe you were as good as people said once. Or maybe people just love to overpraise a famous name.
When we make camp tonight, you'll be raped. More than once. None of these fellows have ever been with a noblewoman. You'd be wise not to resist.
Would I?
They'll knock your teeth out.
You think I care about my teeth?
No, I don't think you care about your teeth. If you fight them, they will kill you. Do you understand? I'm the prisoner of value, not you. Let them have what they want. What does it matter?
What does it matter?
Close your eyes. Pretend they're Renly.
If you were a woman, you wouldn't resist? You'd let them do what they wanted?
If I was a woman, I'd make them kill me. But I'm not, thank the gods.
If I had a proper forge, I could make it good as new.
Doesn't have to look pretty. It just has to keep the arrows out of my heart.
Why are you helping him? He takes us prisoner and now he's our friend?
You're not our prisoner, little lady.
What am I?
Our guest. No one's put any chains on you.
So I can walk away, then?
These woods aren't safe for Ned Stark's daughter. You're lucky we found you.
You think you're good with that bow, you little twat?
Better than anyone you've ever met.
A cowardo s weapon. I like to fight up close. I like to see a man's face when I put the steel in him.
Why? So you can kiss him?
You remember the last time you were here?
Looks like every other shit inn on the road.
Now, apologies, but you're one ugly fucker and I'd rather not see you no more.
Watch your head. Off we go.
Walk up!
What are you doing? We're about to leave.
I'm staying.
You're what?
I baked some brown bread for the innkeep and she said she never had better. Told Thoros she's keeping me as a payment for all the free meals she's given him. Anyway, it's not me the Brotherhood wants. My brother ain't no king. I'm not a Stark of "Winterhell".
Winterfell.
You sure?
I'm sure.
Well, I made you something.
What is it?
It's a wolf.
Yes, it is.
That's the tail?
Yeah.
Well, be safe.
Yeah, you, too. Don't get stabbed.
You don't burn your fingers.
Good-bye, Hot Pie.
Good-bye, Arry.
Up you go, little lady.
Hey, Hot Pie. It's really good.
A person could almost be forgiven for forgetting we're at war.
It often comforts me to think that even in war's darkest days, in most places in the world absolutely nothing is happening.
I've missed you, Uncle. Father missed you, too, from the day you left. Maybe he never said it in so many words-
Maybe? Your father was a stubborn old ox. I was surprised when he died. Didn't think death had the patience.
I'm glad you were with him. I wish to the gods I had been. Did you make peace in the end?
After thirty years of fighting, I don't think he remembered what started it. He asked me to stop calling myself Blackfish. He said it was an old joke and it was never funny to begin with. I told him people had been calling me Blackfish for so long, they don't remember my real name.
Every time he would leave for the capital or fight in a campaign, I'd see him off. 'Wait for me, little Cat,' he'd say. 'Wait for me and I'll come back to you.' And I would sit at this window every day when the sun came up, waiting. I wonder how many times did Bran or Rickon stare across the moors of Winterfell waiting for me to return. I will never see them again.
You mustn't think it. We don't know the truth. They could be in hiding. Robb believes they're alive. And he must go on believing. He's got to remain strong if he's to prevail. And you must remain strong for him.
You're Robb Stark's wife.
Hold still.
Is it true what they say about him?
I don't know. What do they say about him?
That he can turn into a wolf at night.
True.
And he eats the flesh of his enemies.
True. You're a Lannister, aren't you?
Martyn Lannister.
Martyn Lannister. You've nothing to fear. My husband doesn't eat children. Unless it's a full moon. It's not a full moon tonight, is it? See? Nothing to fear.
Always the artists.
It's only horses. No men.
You said there was dead crows.
There was.
How many men were here?
About three hundred.
And you know what those men are now?
We're all the same to them - meat for their army.
Do you think anyone got away?
It's not impossible. You don't go far betting against Mormont. But dead or alive, he took a big gamble coming north. And he lost. His best fighting men are dead. And whether he's Lord Commander of the Night's Watch or a blue-eyed corpse, he's a long way from home. Tormund. Climb the Wall. Take Orell and twenty good men. And take this one. He knows Castle Black's defenses better than any of us. And if he's useful, good. If not throw him off the Wall. See if crows can fly.
We're finally going to war, old friend?
Hide near Castle Black. When I give the signal, hit them in the night. They've got a big old wall to hide behind, but it only guards one side.
We'll meet again.
Aye. If you do your job. Ah.
How will we see your signal?
Send your eagle above the Wall every night. When it's time, I'm going to light the biggest fire the North has ever seen.
Ghost?
What have we here? Frozen crows?
We've come a long way.
Smaller flock than you went north with.
We can talk inside.
Oh, can we?
They need some water.
Tether it and I'll be inside.
Keep your eyes where they belong. They're not for you.
Bet you feed that pig better than you feed us.
Aye, pig's got value to me. You should all be kissing my feet for letting you in. I'd have turned you all away if I wasn't a godly man.
You are a godly man?
I am. I got no fear of what's out there. When the white cold comes, your swords and cloaks and bloody fires won't help you. The only ones left will be those who are right with the gods. The real gods.
Go tell her she can bite down on a rag or she can bite down on my fist. Women. That sow right there gave birth to a litter of eight. Barely a grunt. And she's almost as fat as this one here. Now why don't you dine on him? Carve off what you need as you go. Well, look at him. He's a walking feast.
Here we are.
Sharpen these for me, would ya?
I see the head. Push.
That's it. You're nearly there. One more push should do it.
What is it? What is it?
Keep quiet.
If you can't ride, we don't stand a chance.
I can ride.
You're sure?
Ride east. Follow the rising sun. Your sister's waiting for you.
I'll make you a Lord of the Iron Islands for this.
We're not in the Iron Islands. Go.
Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on.
Come on back.
You refuse to tell me where you're going?
I don't know yet. The fires will show me.
How long will you be gone?
I don't know.
You're abandoning me.
I will never abandon you. You are the Son of Fire. I am sworn to serve you.
Then serve me.
When I return, you will understand.
My enemies think they've destroyed me. They're laughing at me the way Renly laughed at me. I want Joffrey dead. I want Robb Stark dead. Make me another son.
I cannot.
Why?
You don't have the strength. It would kill you.
I'm not so easily killed. Men have been trying for years.
I want you.
Your fires burn low, my king.
There is another way. A better way.
You told me your magic requires a king's blood.
Yes.
I'm the one true king.
You are. But there are others with your blood in their veins. You will sit on the Iron Throne, but first there must be sacrifices. The Lord of Light demands it.
The Walk of Punishment is a warning, Your Grace.
To whom?
To any slave who contemplates doing whatever these slaves did.
Give me your water.
Khaleesi, this man has been sentenced to death.
Here, drink.
Leave this place, Your Grace. Leave tonight, I beg you.
And what is she to do for soldiers?
We can find sellswords in Pentos and Myr.
Is it 'we' already, Ser Barristan? If you want to sit on the throne your ancestors built, you must win it. That will mean blood on your hands before the thing is done.
The blood of my enemies, not the blood of innocents.
How many wars have you fought in, Ser Barristan?
Three.
Have you ever seen a war where innocents didn't die by the thousands?
I was in King's Landing after the sack, khaleesi. You know what I saw? Butchery. Babies, children, old men. More women raped than you can count. There's a beast in every man and it stirs when you put a sword in his hand. But the Unsullied are not men. They do not rape. They do not put cities to the sword unless they're ordered to do so. If you buy them, the only men they'll kill are those you want dead.
Do you disagree, Ser Barristan?
When your brother Rhaegar led his army into battle at the Trident, men died for him because they believed in him, because they loved him, not because they'd been bought at a slaver's auction. I fought beside the last dragon on that day, Your Grace. I bled beside him.
Rhaegar fought valiantly, Rhaegar fought nobly, and Rhaegar died.
Did you know him well, Ser Barristan?
I did, Your Grace. Finest man I ever met.
I wish I had known him. But he was not the last dragon.
All? Did this one's ears mishear, Your Grace?
They did not. I want to buy them all.
She wants to buy them all.
She can't afford them. The slut thinks that she can flash her tits, and make us give her whatever she wants.
There are eight thousand Unsullied in Astapor. Is this what you mean by all?
Yes. eight thousand. And the ones still in training as well.
If they fail on the battlefield, they will shame Astapor.
Master Greizhen says they cannot sell half-trained boys. If they fail on the battlefield, they will bring shame upon all of Astapor.
I will have them all or take none. Many will fall in battle. I'll need the boys to pick up the swords they drop.
The slut cannot pay for all of this.
Master Kraznys says you cannot afford this.
Her ship will buy her a hundred Unsullied, no more.
Your ship will buy you Because Master Kraznys is generous.
And this is because I like the curve of her ass.
The gold you have left is worth ten.
What is left will buy her ten. I will give her twenty if it stops her ignorant whimpering.
But good Master Kraznys will give you twenty.
Her Dothraki smell of shit but will be useful as pig feed.
The Dothraki you have with you-
I will give her three for those.
The Dothraki you have are not worth what they cost to feed, but Master Kraznys will give you three Unsullied for all of them.
So, ask this beggar queen how will she pay for the remaining 7,877?
Master Kraznys asks how you propose to pay for the remaining 7,877 unsullied.
I have dragons. I'll give you one.
You will win the throne with dragons, not slaves, Your Grace.
Khaleesi, please.
Three dragons.
One.
Two.
They want the biggest one.
Done.
Done.
I'll take you as well, now. You'll be Master Kraznys' gift to me. A token of a bargain well struck.
She asks that you give me to her, as a present. She asks that you do this now.
Khaleesi, a dragon is worth more than any army.
Aegon Targaryen proved that.
You're both here to advise me. I value your advice, but if you ever question me in front of strangers again, you'll be advising someone else. Is that understood?
Do you have a name?
This one's name is Missandei, Your Grace.
Do you have a family? A mother and a father you'd return to if you had the choice?
No, Your Grace. No family living.
You belong to me now. It is your duty to tell me the truth.
Yes, Your Grace. Lying is a great offense. Many of those on the Walk of Punishment were taken there for less.
I offered water to one of the slaves dying on the Walk of Punishment. Do you know what he said to me? 'Let me die.'
There are no masters in the grave, Your Grace.
Is it true what Master Kraznys told me about the Unsullied? About their obedience?
All questions have been taken from them. They obey, that is all. Once they are yours, they are yours. They will fall on their swords if you command it.
And what about you? You know that I'm taking you to war. You may go hungry. You may fall sick. You may be killed.
Valar morghulis.
Yes, all men must die. But we are not men.
A surprising place to keep the royal ledgers.
I'm surprised you're surprised. This is the safest place in the city.
Not for bastards.
That's all of them, my lord.
Thank you, my dear.
Pod. Pod. Take them outside. I'll be there in a moment.
Yes, my lord.
I hear you owe that boy a significant debt.
Only my life. Not all that significant, I'm afraid.
You should have him knighted.
If only the Master of Coin had such power.
If only. I owe you a significant debt. Our redheaded friend. You secured her release when the queen detained her.
Oh, that. Of course. A simple misunderstanding.
Apparently, Her Grace believed that you two had some sort of special relationship.
We don't. I did fuck her once.
I know.
But we don't.
I know. But how would the queen get that idea?
Why don't you ask her? Any advice for me on my new position?
Keep a low profile.
If I had a gold dragon for every time I heard that joke, I'd be richer than you are.
Well, you are richer than I am.
Good point.
They're only numbers. Numbers on paper. Once you understand that, it's easy to make them behave. Trivial even. You want a real challenge? Try whores.
I've tried quite a few. Well, lots of work to do. Enjoy the Eyrie.
Come on, I'm here later. Come on.
Tonight, then. Looks like dull reading.
You think all reading is dull reading.
It's an opinion I share with some of the finest men I know.
The secret history of the Seven Kingdoms is written in these pages.
Unless Lord Twatbeard made up a bunch of numbers to hide what he's really up to.
Unless he made it all up, yes. Podrick, do keep up.
Podrick.
Yes, my lord?
After a long consultation with my colleague Ser Bronn, I finally found a suitable reward for the services you've provided over and above what might be considered reasonable. Tell me, Pod, have you ever been with a woman?
No, my lord.
Wonderful. Genna specializes in first-timers.
She's not bad with second-timers, either.
Uh, my lord
A fair enough repayment for putting your spear through my would-be killer's face, wouldn't you say?
Now, as it happens, Marei is quite the spear handler herself. She's here to thank you for staying by my side as the battle raged all around me.
He's handsome. You didn't tell me he was handsome.
Kayla is famous from here to Volantis in certain circles. One of four women in the world who can perform a proper Meereenese Knot.
My lord, I don't even
She's here to thank you for being a thoroughly respectful fellow who's never once failed to address me as 'my lord.
Be back in time for my supper.
Pace yourself, lad.
For years I've heard that Littlefinger is a magician. Whenever the crown needs money, he rubs his hands together and, poof, mountains of gold.
Let me guess. He's not a magician.
No.
He's stealing it?
Worse, he's borrowing it.
What's wrong with that?
We can't afford to pay it back, that's what's wrong with it. The crown owes millions to my father.
Seeing as it's his grandson's ass on the throne, I imagine he'll forgive that debt.
Forgive a debt, my father? For a man of the world, you're strangely naive.
I've never borrowed money before. I'm not clear on the rules.
Well, ahem, the basic principle is I lend you money, and after an agreed upon period of time, you return it with interest.
And what if I don't?
Well, you have to.
But what if I don't?
This is why I don't lend you money. Anyway, it's not my father I'm worried about. It's the Iron Bank of Braavos. We owe them tens of millions. If we fail to repay these loans, the bank will fund our enemies. One way or another, they always get their gold back.
Ah, the return of the conquering hero. Does he have a little jaunt in his step?
The lado s practically skipping.
You were gone a long time. I trust you got your money's worth. Or should I say my money's worth?
Oh, it was a gift, Podrick. This is more than I give you in a year.
He's a squire. You don't pay him.
Oh, then it's much more than I give you in a year.
They wouldn't take it, my lord.
Maybe they're trying to curry some favor with the new Master of Coin.
Have you ever known a whore to turn down gold? They were happy enough to take it when I gave it to them.
What did you tell them?
I didn't tell them anything.
What did you do to them?
Lots of things.
And they seemed to like these things?
Of course they seemed to like it. They're paid to seem to like it.
Only they weren't paid.
What are you saying? These ladies enjoyed him so much, they gave him the time for free?
Is that what you're telling us?
doesn't deny it.>/i>
Sit down, Podrick.
We're going to need details. Copious details.
Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on.
Ha! Ha!
You know how we deal with runaways here, do you?
Take off his pants.
No! No! No, no, no!
I'm gonna fuck you into the dirt.
No, please! No, no, no! No, don't!
No, please! No! No!
You little bastard.
Come, my lord.
You're a long way from home and winter is coming.
I'll take the big bitch first. When she's good and wet, you lot can finish her off.
My lord, I am Brienne of Tarth. Lady Catelyn Stark commanded me to deliver Ser Jaime to King's Landing.
Catelyn Stark's a treasonous cunt. Orders were to take the Kingslayer alive. Nobody said shit about you.
You're only making it worse.
Take her over there where it's dark. I'd like a little privacy.
Come on!
You know who she is, don't you?
A big dumb bitch from who cares where. Never been with a woman that big.
She's Brienne of Tarth. Her father is Lord Selwyn Tarth. Heard of Tarth?
I'm gonna cut your throat!
They call it the Sapphire Isle. Do you know why? Every sapphire in Westeros was mined on Tarth. Sapphires are gemstones. The blue ones.
I know what they are.
Lord Selwyn would pay his daughter's weight in sapphires if she's returned to him. But only if she's alive, her honor unbesmirched.
Bring her back here.
Yes, my lord. Get up.
Come on.
Come on, on your feet.
Unbesmirched.
Not defiled.
Fancy word for a fancy man.
I hated to read as a child, but my father forced me to study the books every morning before I could practice with sword or horse. Two hours every day holed up in the maester's chambers. I learned a lot of fancy words.
I bet you did.
Your father, he'd pay your weight in gold to get you back?
You'll be a rich man till the end of your days. And your sons will be rich men and their sons after them. Lands, titles- you'll have them all. The North can't win this war. You're a smart man. You understand that. We have the numbers. We have the gold.
Aye, you have both.
Fighting bravely for a losing cause is admirable. Fighting for a winning cause is far more rewarding.
Hard to argue with that.
Now that we're speaking together man to man, I wonder if you need to keep me chained to this tree. I'm not asking to be freed from my constraints, but if I could sleep lying down, my back would thank you for it. I'm not as young and resilient as I was once.
None of us are. Unchain Ser Jaime from the tree.
Come on, men.
Suppose you'll be wanting something to eat.
I'm famished, actually.
I think we've got a spare partridge on the fire.
Well, I do like partridge.
Bring the bird over here and the carving knife. Will this work as a table, my lord?
Oh, yes. Yes, this will do nic- ah!
On the stump.
You think you're the smartest man there is. That everyone alive has to bow and scrape and lick your boots.
My father-
And if you get in any trouble, all you've got to do is say 'my father' and that's it, all your troubles are gone.
Don't.
Have you got something to say?
Careful. You don't want to say the wrong thing. You're nothing without your daddy, and your daddy ain't here. Never forget that.
Here, this should help you remember.
CREDITS
How many of those fingers do you think we could shove up his ass?
Depends if he's had any practice. Is that the sort of thing you and your sister go in for, Kingslayer? She loosened you up for us?
He's going to fall. He's going to fall off his horse. Someone help him.
Water. Water. Please, water. Wa-water. Water, please. Please. Please.
If I die, you won't be getting-
Oh, enough. Here.
Can't say that I've ever seen a man drink horse piss that fast.
Stop!
Far enough.
Do that again and I'll take your other hand.
Come on, you.
Oh, Lord Tyrion. Come in, come in.
I hope we might speak. In confidence.
Oh, always in confidence.
About the events of the Blackwater. Perhaps this is the wrong time?
Oh, no. It's a wonderful time.
I thought one of your little birds might have knowledge of my sister's intentions to-
End your life?
I didn't inherit Littlefinger's spies along with his position, I'm afraid. Which is why I'm coming to you. I need proof.
Proof? Will there be a trial?
I need to know.
I have no proof, only whispers. Before all this nastiness, I was going to tell you the story of how I was cut. Do you want to hear it still?
I don't know. Do I?
As a boy, I traveled with a troupe of actors through the Free Cities. One day in Myr, a certain man made my master an offer too tempting to refuse. I feared the man meant to use me as I'd heard some men used small boys. But what he wanted was far worse. He gave me a potion that made me powerless to move or speak, yet did nothing to dull my senses. With a hooked blade he sliced me, root and stem, chanting all the while. He burned my parts in a brazier. The flames turned blue and I heard a voice answer his call. I still dream of that night. Not of the sorcerer, not of his blade. I dream of the voice from the flames. Was it a god? A demon? A conjurer's trick? I don't know. But the sorcerer called and a voice answered. And ever since that day, I have hated magic and all those who practice it. But you can see why I was eager to aid in your fight against Stannis and his Red Priestess. A symbolic revenge of sorts.
Yes, ahem. I feel the need for actual revenge against the actual person who tried to have me killed. Which will require a degree of influence, which-
You do not possess at the moment.
But influence is largely a matter of patience, I have found. Once I had served the sorcerer's purpose, he threw me out of his house to die. I resolved to live to spite him. I begged. I sold what parts of my body remained to me. I became an excellent thief and soon learned that the contents of a man's letters are more valuable than the contents of his purse. Step by step, one distasteful task after another, I made my way from the slums of Myr to the small council chamber. Influence grows like a weed. I tended mine patiently until its tendrils reached from the Red Keep all the way across to the far side of the world where I managed to wrap them around something very special.
The sorcerer.
Hello, my old friend. It's been a long time. I have no doubt the revenge you want will be yours in time if you have the stomach for it.
When people talk about the Night's Watch, they never mention the shoveling.
Or the shit.
They tell you about honor, pardoning crimes, and protecting the realm, but shoveling really is most of it.
And getting attacked or killed or worse. And that.
But when you're not getting attacked or killed, usually you're shoveling.
Oh, look. More shit. I was starting to wonder what to do with the rest of my day.
We need to get out of here.
When the Lord Commander says we go, we go.
The Lord Commander told us to go to the Fist of the First Men. How'd that turn out for us?
He had no way of knowing.
We do now. We know what's out there.
Craster's been out here surviving.
So he's your new protector now? Our good friend Craster?
We're like the sons he never had.
Mormont isn't gonna save you. This lummox here isn't gonna save you. When the walkers come calling, Craster will serve us up like so many pigs. If we want to live we'll have to look out for ourselves.
Shh, shh, shh.
You woke him.
I'm sorry. He's beautiful.
Shh!
He's beautiful. Does he have a name?
No.
Are you going to give him one?
Why?
Here.
Gilly.
You said to hold it for you until you came back. You're back.
I wanted you to have it.
I don't want your stupid thimble. I want to save my baby's life. Can you do that? Can you?
I don't have time for you. I don't have time for anyone but him because he doesn't have much time.
You have to go after him.
How?
You know how.
Brandon.
Mother.
How many times have I told you? No climbing.
Mother, I need to find it. It's here. It's calling me.
I want you to promise me. No more climbing.
Promise me. Promise me! Promise me!
Mother! Mother!
Promise me! Promise me, Bran! Promise me!
Is he very large?
No larger than usual, apparently. And yet they said that he was-
Extraordinary.
The most extraordinary man they've ever had. And they've had a lot of men.
We're talking about the same Podrick? The quiet boy in Lord Tyrion's service? Seems a bit simple?
What did he do to them?
I don't know, my lord. The girls are usually quite descriptive.
So what did they say?
They said it was hard to describe.
Huh. Prodigies appear in the oddest of places. And what did Littlefinger say about this loss of income?
He was too preoccupied to notice. He's leaving for the Eyrie soon. I'm helping him prepare for his journey.
Ah, yes, to pursue his enduring love of the Lady Arryn and the title that comes with her. Sad, really. Is that all it takes to make our friend lose interest in poor Sansa Stark?
He hasn't spoken to her since the last time, as far as I know. But I don't think he's lost interest.
What makes you say so?
His shipboard inventory.
Ah. You can read. Rare for a woman in your profession.
Former profession.
Of course. I'm missing something obvious you're about to point out?
Two featherbeds. He's bringing two featherbeds for the cabin.
Who is important enough to Littlefinger to merit a featherbed besides Littlefinger? Could he be bringing one of his girls?
He's not interested in them, my lord.
How do you know?
Because I'm one of his girls.
Prodigies in odd places indeed.
What is this place?
Somewhere neither wolves nor lions come prowling.
You look like a bunch of swineherds.
Some of us were swineherds. And some of us tanners and masons. That was before.
You're still swineherds and tanners and masons. You think carrying a crooked spear makes you a soldier?
No. Fighting in a war makes you a soldier.
Beric Dondarrion? You've seen better days.
And I won't see them again.
Stark deserters. Baratheon deserters. You lot aren't fighting in a war. You're running from it.
Last I heard, you were King Joffrey's guard dog. But here you are a thousand miles from home. Which of us is running?
Untie these ropes and we'll find out. What are you doing leading a mob of peasants?
Ned Stark ordered me to execute your brother in King Robert's name.
Ned Stark is dead. King Robert is dead. My brother's alive.
You're fighting for ghosts.
That's what we are- ghosts waiting for you in the dark. You can't see us, but we see you. No matter whose cloak you wear- Lannister, Stark, Baratheon- you prey on the weak, the Brotherhood without Banners will hunt you down.
You found god? Is that it?
Aye. I've been reborn in the light of the one true god. As have we all. As would any man who's seen the things we've seen.
If you mean to murder me, then bloody well get on with it.
You'll die soon enough, dog. But it won't be murder, only justice.
And a kinder fate than you deserve. Lions you call yourselves. At the Mummer's Ford, girls of seven years were raped and babes still on the breast were cut in two while their mothers watched.
I wasn't at the Mummer's Ford. Dump your dead children at some other door.
House Clegane was built upon dead children. I saw them lay Prince Aegon and Princess Rhaenys before the Iron Throne.
Do you take me for my brother? Is being born Clegane a crime?
Murder is a crime.
I never touched the Targaryen babes. I never saw them, never smelled them, never heard them bawling. You want to cut my throat, get on with it! But don't call me murderer and pretend that you're not.
You murdered Mycah. The butchers boy. My friend. He was twelve years old. He was unarmed. And you rode him down. You slung him over your horse like he was some deer.
Aye, he was a bleeder.
You don't deny killing this boy?
I was Joffrey's sworn shield. The boy attacked the prince.
That's a lie! I hit Joffrey. Mycah just ran away.
Then I should have killed you. Not my place to question princes.
You stand accused of murder. But no one here knows the truth of the charge, so it is not for us to judge you. Only the Lord of Light may do that now. I sentence you to trial by combat.
So, who will it be? Should we find out if your fire god really loves you, priest? Or you, archer? What are you worth with a sword in your hand? Or is the little girl the bravest one here?
Aye. She might be. But it's me you'll fight.
The master says they are untested. He says you would be wise to blood them early. There are many small cities between here and there, cities ripe for sacking. Should you take captives, the masters will buy the healthy ones and for a good price.
And who knows? In ten years, some of the boys you send them may be Unsullied in their turn. Thus all shall prosper.
Is it done, then? They belong to me?
It is done.
It is done.
She holds the whip.
You hold the whip.
The bitch has her army.
Unsullied!
Forward march!
Halt!
Tell the bitch her beast won't come.
A dragon is not a slave.
You speak Valyrian?
I am Daenerys Stormborn of the House Targaryen, of the blood of Old Valyria. Valyrian is my mother tongue.
Unsullied! Slay the masters, slay the soldiers, slay every man who holds a whip, but harm no child. Strike the chains off every slave you see!
I am your master.
Kill her! Kill her! Kill her!
Dracarys.
Unsullied! You have been slaves all your life. Today you are free. Any man who wishes to leave may leave, and no one will harm him. I give you my word. Will you fight for me? As free men?
Lord, cast your light upon us.
Lord of Light, defend us.
Show us the truth. Strike this man down if he is guilty. Give strength to his sword if he is true. Lord of Light, give us wisdom. For the night is dark and full of terrors.
For the night is dark and full of terrors.
Get back.
Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty.
Kill him!
Lord, cast your light upon this man, your servant. Bring him back from death and darkness. His flame has been extinguished. Restore it.
For the night is dark and full of terrors. Lord, cast-
Arya, don't!
Bring him back from death and darkness
No! Let go of me! Let me go!
Looks like their god likes me more than your butcher's boy.
Burn in hell!
He will. But not today.
Orell says there are crows patrolling on the Wall. Tell me what you know.
There are four to a patrol- two builders to check for structural damage, two rangers to watch for enemies.
How often do these patrols go out?
It varies. If I knew where on the Wall we were heading, I could tell you.
You'd like to know that.
There are nineteen castles guarding the Wall. How many are manned?
Three.
You sure of that?
Which three?
Castle Black.
Aye, Castle Black. Everyone knows Castle Black. Which others?
Eastwatch-by-the-Sea and the Shadow Tower.
How many men remain in Castle Black?
A thousand.
Liar.
What happens to your eagle after I kill you? Does he drift away like a kite with his strings cut or does he just flop dead to the ground?
He's no crow.
Just 'cause you want him inside you don't make him one of us.
I'm not afraid of you.
I like you, boy. But if you lie to me, I'll pull your guts out through your throat.
A thousand men.
We'll find out soon enough.
I don't need you to protect me.
Of course you do. Who stopped Rattleshirt when he was about to cut your throat? Who vouched for you with Mance? It seems you owe me a debt.
Give it back.
Well, I stole it. It's mine. If you want it, come steal it back.
Ygritte! Ygritte!
Ygritte! Seven hells. Ygritte!
Is Orell right? Are you still a crow? It's time you proved yourself.
Ygritte.
You swore some vows. I want you to break 'em. I want you to see me.
All of me.
We shouldn't.
We should.
Why are you still dressed? You know nothing, Jon Sno-
That thing you did with your mouth- is that what lords do to their ladies in the South?
I don't know. I just wanted to kiss you there is all.
Hmm.
You seemed to like it.
Aye, I liked it some. Who taught you that?
There's been no one else. Only you.
A maid. You were a maid.
I was a man of the Night's Watch. How about you? Were you a maid?
What do you think?
Who was he?
Just a boy. He came trading with his brothers. He had red hair like me. Kissed by fire. But he was weak. Not like you. That was the first one. Then there was this Thenn boy. Spoke no Common, but gods, he was built like a mammoth.
Yeah, thanks. I think I've heard enough. We'd best get back. Tormund-
I'm not done with you yet.
How long's it been since you had a bath?
Let's not go back. Let's stay here a while longer. I don't ever want to leave this cave, Jon Snow. Not ever.
I want my gold.
It says it clearly right there on that note you'll be repaid in full when the war is over.
Piss on that! You're nothing but thieves.
We're outlaws. Outlaws steal. You're lucky we didn't kill you.
Come try it, archer. I'll shove those arrows up your ass.
You can't let him go. He's a murderer. He's guilty.
Not in the eyes of god.
You can't!
Enough! The judgment isn't ours to make.
Go in peace, Sandor Clegane. The Lord of Light isn't done with you yet.
Riders coming through!
The Kingslayer.
Down!
On your knees. Lord Bolton, I give you the Kingslayer.
Pick him up, Locke.
You've lost a hand.
No, my lord, he has it here.
Take this away.
Send it to his father?
You'll hold your tongue unless you want to lose it.
Cut her free. Apologies, my lady. You're under my protection now.
Thank you, my lord.
Find suitable rooms for our guests. We'll speak later.
Lord Bolton.
Is there word from the capital?
You haven't heard? Stannis Baratheon laid siege to King's Landing. Sailed into Blackwater Bay. Stormed the gates with thousands of men. And your sister How can I put this? Your sister is alive and well. Your father's forces prevailed.
Ser Jaime isn't well. Take him to Qyburn.
Will I die?
No. The corruption has spread. I fear it must be cut away. The safest course would be to take the whole arm off.
Then you'll die. You're no maester. Where's your chain?
The Citadel stripped me of it. They found some of my experiments too bold. I can leave your upper arm, make the cut at your elbow.
I don't need my right hand to kill you.
I can take away the rotting flesh and try and burn out the corruption - with boiling wine.
Mmm.
With any luck, that will suffice. You'll need milk of the poppy.
No milk of the poppy.
There will be pain.
I'll scream.
Quite a bit of pain.
I'll scream loudly.
Lord Baelish.
Your Grace.
I wonder if I might ask you for a favor.
Of course, Your Grace.
I have reason to believe that House Tyrell do not hold the crown's best interests at heart.
I see. And have you shared these suspicions with Lord Tywin?
My father's a practical man. He appreciates facts.
Myself, I often find them a hindrance.
And he appreciates those who aid his family, as you well know. He's almost as generous to those who help us as he is unpleasant towards those who don't. You have a good working relationship with the Tyrells. I thought you might look into it before you leave the capital.
I shall do my best.
Thank you. And your best will prove better than when I asked you to locate Arya Stark?
I assure you that it will.
Gods, boy, that's enough. We're not in a tavern.
Pardon, my lady.
No need to speak. Are there any figs? Fetch some. I always take figs midafternoon. They help move the bowels. To what do I owe this summons?
Thank you for seeing me, my lady. I had hoped we might discuss a few financial matters.
I climbed all those steps to discuss financial matters?
It's the royal wedding. I'm told you had a hand in planning it.
Naturally.
It's shaping up to be a very involved affair. The word extravagant has been used.
What good is the word extravagant if it can't be used to describe a royal wedding?
I understand that.
Good.
But, as Master of Coin, it falls upon me to calculate the cost for the crown. As of now, it's a huge expense.
And?
And we're at war, Lady Olenna.
Oh, I'd nearly forgotten.
Yes, and maintaining supply lines-
I can't think how it slipped my mind. What is it, twelve thousand infantrymen the Tyrell family has supplied? Two thousand in support. Provisions so this city might survive the winter. A million bushels of wheat. Half a million bushels each of barley, oats, and rye. Twenty thousand head of cattle. Fifty thousand sheep. You don't have to lecture me about wartime expenses. I'm quite familiar with them.
And we are so grateful for your contributions which are necessary for the preservation of the realm.
As is a royal wedding. The people are hungry for more than just food. They crave distractions. And if we don't provide them, they'll create their own. And their distractions are likely to end with us being torn to pieces. A royal wedding is much safer. Wouldn't you say?
I would.
And traditionally paid for by the royal family.
I was told you were drunk, impertinent, and thoroughly debauched. You can imagine my disappointment at finding nothing but a browbeaten bookkeeper. Where did you go for them, Volantis?
My lady-
Oh, very well. I won't have it said that House Tyrell refuses to play its part. We'll pay for half the expenses and the celebrations will go on as planned. Is that sufficient?
Quite sufficient. Thank you.
Very good, then. That's settled. Good day.
Give me that.
What are you doing?
Just mending Lord Beric's armor.
Why?
I'm going to stay on and smith for the Brotherhood.
Have you lost your mind? When the Lannisters find this place, you think they'll spare the smiths? They'll cave your head in with your own helmet.
The Lannisters wanted to kill me long before I joined the Brotherhood.
You don't have to do this.
I want to. They need good men.
Robb needs good men, too. We're leaving tomorrow. And then you-
What? Serve him? I've served men my entire life. I served Master Mott at King's Landing and he sold me to the Watch. I served Lord Tywin at Harrenhal, wondering every day if I'd get tortured or killed. I'm done serving.
You just said you were serving Lord Beric.
He may be their leader, but they chose him. These men are brothers. They're a family. I've never had a family.
I can be your family.
You wouldn't be my family. You'd be 'my lady'.
Willem. Willem!
Is this a rescue?
Lannister filth! Take him!
Please, I didn't do anything. I'm just a squire. Please-
Bring them in.
Is that all of them? It took five of you to murder two unarmed squires?
Not murder, Your Grace. Vengeance.
Vengeance? Those boys didn't kill your sons. I saw Harrion die on the battlefield and Torrhen-
Was strangled by the Kingslayer. They were his kin.
They were boys! Look at them.
Tell your mother to look at them. She killed them as much as I.
My mother had nothing to do with this. This was your treason.
It's treason to free your enemies. In war, you kill your enemies. Did your father not teach you that, boy?
Leave him.
Aye. Leave me to the king. He wants to give me a scolding before he sets me free. That's how he deals with treason. Our King in the North. Or should I call him the King Who Lost the North?
Escort Lord Karstark to the dungeon. Hang the rest.
Mercy, sire! I didn't kill anyone. I only watched for the guards.
This one was only the watcher. Hang him last so he can watch the others die.
Please! Please, no. They made me do it! They made me! They made me!
Word of this can't leave Riverrun. They were Tywin Lannister's nephews. The Lannisters pay their debts. They never stop talking about it.
Would you make me a liar as well as a murderer?
It wouldn't be lying. We will bury them and remain silent until the war is done.
I'm not fighting for justice if I don't serve justice to murderers in my ranks, no matter how highborn. He has to die.
The Karstarks are Northmen. They won't forgive the killing of their lord.
Your mother's right. If you do this, the Karstarks will abandon you.
You tended to their wounds. You brought them supper. Now they're dead.
And more boys will keep dying until this war is over. You need Karstark men to end it.
Spare his life. Keep him as a hostage.
A hostage. Tell the Karstarks that as long as they remain loyal, he will not be harmed.
The blood of the First Men flows through my veins as much as yours, boy. I fought the Mad King for your father. I fought Joffrey for you. We are kin- Stark and Karstark.
That didn't stop you from betraying me. And it won't save you now.
I don't want it to save me. I want it to haunt you to the end of your days.
Kneel, my lord.
Rickard Karstark, Lord of Karhold, here in sight of gods and men, I sentence you to die. Would you speak a final word?
Kill me and be cursed. You are no king of mine.
Joffrey. Cersei. Ilyn Payne. Ser Meryn. The Hound. What are you going to do with me?
At first light we'll ride for Riverrun. Your brother's there now. He'll make a contribution to our cause and you can go home.
I'm a hostage and you're selling me.
Don't think of it that way.
But it is that way.
It is. And it isn't.
More is than isn't.
Beric admired your father a great deal, you know. He wanted to refuse your ransom altogether.
So why don't you?
We need the gold.
Do I frighten you, child?
No.
You're angry with me. And I don't blame you. But letting him go was the right thing. I have more reason than most to want him hanged.
I thought he killed you.
He did.
But how?
Thoros how many times have you brought me back?
It's the Lord of Light brings you back. I'm just the lucky drunk who says the words.
How many times?
Five, I think. No, this makes six.
Six.
There was the first time- the Mountain. Show her. Lance right through the chest.
Then I was stabbed in the belly.
Then it was an arrow in the back. And that axe in the side.
Then the Lannisters caught me and executed me for treason. Was it a hanging or a dagger in the eye?
Both. Fuckers couldn't decide.
And the Hound makes six.
Second time I've been killed by a Clegane.
You'd think you'd learn. It's not getting any easier, you know.
I know. Every time I come back, I'm a bit less. Pieces of you get chipped away.
Could you bring back a man without a head? Not six times. Just once.
I don't think it works that way, child.
He was a good man, Ned Stark. He's at rest now, somewhere. I would never wish my life upon him.
I would. You're alive.
Lord, cast your light upon me. Protect me in the darkness. Burn away my sins. Help me serve you. Use me as you will. For the night is dark and full of terrors.
I have prayed day and night for you to come to me.
My lady.
I meant to come sooner. The battle-
I know of your troubles, My king. The Lady Melisandre has told me everything.
Yes, of course.
You mustn't despair. Your claim is true. You will be victorious.
I believed that once.
You are the one godo s champion and the finest man I've ever known.
Selyse. I've broken a sacred vow. I've sinned.
No.
I've wronged you. I have shamed you.
You're doing godo s work.
You don't understand. The Red Woman- the Lady Melisandre-
I know, Stannis. The Lady Melisandre has told me everything. No act done in service of the Lord of Light can ever be a sin. When she told me, I wept with joy.
Oh, my sweet boys. Petyr, Tommard, Edric. I thank god every day for bringing Melisandre to us. She gave you a son. I gave you - nothing.
That's not true.
So you've come to see her as well? There is no need. You must keep away from such distractions.
She's my daughter. I want to see her.
You are a king. You don't need my permission.
Under the sea I know, I know/ Oh, oh, oh
The birds have scales / And the fish take wing / I know, I know / Oh, oh, oh
Shireen.
Father!
You've grown since I last saw you.
Mother said you fought in a battle. Did you win?
No.
Did the Onion Knight come back with you?
He did. He fought bravely.
He hasn't come to visit me. He said he'd bring me back a present from the capital.
He won't be visiting, child.
Why not? He's my friend. Look.
He made this for me. But don't tell Mother I have it. It's a secret. Mother doesn't like the Onion Knight.
Ser Davos is a traitor. He's rotting in a dungeon cell for his crime. Best forget him.
Not so hard. You'll scrub the skin off.
What are you doing here?
I need a bath. Help me out of these rags.
Now get out.
There's another tub.
This one suits me fine. Don't worry. I'm not interested. If I faint, pull me out. I don't intend to be the first Lannister to die in a bathtub.
Why should I care how you die?
You swore a solemn vow, remember? You're supposed to get me to King's Landing in one piece. Not going so well, is it? No wonder Renly died with you guarding him.
That was unworthy. Forgive me. You protected me better than most-
Don't you mock me.
I'm apologizing. I'm sick of fighting. Let's call a truce.
You need trust to have a truce.
I trust you.
There it is. There's the look. I've seen it for seventeen years on face after face. You all despise me. Kingslayer. Oathbreaker. A man without honor. You've heard of wildfire?
Of course.
The Mad King was obsessed with it. He loved to watch people burn, the way their skin blackened and blistered and melted off their bones. He burned lords he didn't like. He burned Hands who disobeyed him. He burned anyone who was against him. Before long, half the country was against him. Aerys saw traitors everywhere. So he had his pyromancer place caches of wildfire all over the city- beneath the Sept of Baelor and the slums of Flea Bottom. Under houses, stables, taverns. Even beneath the Red Keep itself. Finally, the day of reckoning came. Robert Baratheon marched on the capital after his victory at the Trident. But my father arrived first with the whole Lannister army at his back, promising to defend the city against the rebels. I knew my father better than that. He's never been one to pick the losing side. I told the Mad King as much. I urged him to surrender peacefully. But the king didn't listen to me. He didn't listen to Varys who tried to warn him. But he did listen to Grand Maester Pycelle, that grey, sunken cunt. 'You can trust the Lannisters,' he said. 'The Lannisters have always been true friends of the crown.' So we opened the gates and my father sacked the city. Once again, I came to the king, begging him to surrender. He told me to bring him my father's head. Then he turned to his pyromancer. 'Burn them all,' he said. 'Burn them in their homes. Burn them in their beds.' Tell me, if your precious Renly commanded you to kill your own father and stand by while thousands of men, women, and children burned alive, would you have done it? Would you have kept your oath then?
First, I killed the pyromancer. And then when the king turned to flee, I drove my sword into his back. 'Burn them all,' he kept saying. 'Burn them all.' I don't think he expected to die. He- he meant to burn with the rest of us and rise again, reborn as a dragon to turn his enemies to ash. I slit his throat to make sure that didn't happen. That's where Ned Stark found me.
If this is true why didn't you tell anyone? Why didn't you tell Lord Stark?
Stark? You think the honorable Ned Stark wanted to hear my side? He judged me guilty the moment he set eyes on me. By what right does the wolf judge the lion? By what right?
Help! Help! The Kingslayer!
Jaime. My name is Jaime.
Onion Knight. Ser Onion Knight.
Princess? Gods, what are you doing here?
Shh, you'll wake Bert.
Bert?
He's the fat one. He's on guard duty tonight. He likes to drink wine and sleep a lot.
Go back to your room. You're not supposed to be here. If your father knew-
he said you Were a traitor. Are you?
I am, child. I disobeyed my king, your father, and now I'm paying the price.
I don't care. You're my friend. You must get bored down here. I brought you something to read. It's about Aegon and his dragons. Aegon used to live here. Did you know that? And the Targaryens built this castle.
Aye. So they did.
You can hide the book under your cloak. It's a good one. I'll bring you more.
Thank you, my lady. I'm sure it's a fine book, but it's wasted on me.
Take it. I have more.
My lady, I can't read the words.
You can't?
I'll teach you. I'll come when Bert's on duty and teach you.
No. No. No.
It's easy. It'll be fun.
Go. We can't.
Why not? What will they do, lock us in cells?
I wouldn't know where to start.
At the beginning. This word is Aegon. When you see A, E, and G together like that, it sounds like egg. And the title of the whole book is 'An History of Aegon the Conqueror and His Conquest of Westeros.'
It was a bitch of a siege.
Mm, you were first through the breach at Pyke?
The second. Thoros of Myr went in alone, waving that flaming sword of his.
Thoros of Myr. Bloody madman. Robert knighted you after the battle?
Proudest moment of my life. One knee in the dust, the king's sword on my shoulder, listening to the words. 'In the name of the Warrior, I charge you to be brave.' All I could think of was how badly I had to piss.
In full plate metal for sixteen hours. Never occurred to me till the fighting was over. I was very nearly the first man knighted to piss on the king's boots.
Robert would have laughed. He was a good man, a great warrior. And a terrible king. I burned away my years fighting for terrible kings.
You swore an oath.
Yes. And a man of honor keeps his vows, even if he's serving a drunk or a lunatic. Just once in my life before it's over, I want to know what it's like to serve with pride, to fight for someone I believe in. Do you believe in her?
With all my heart.
These are the ones?
Yes, khaleesi. The officers.
You did not choose this life. But you are free men now. And free men make their own choices. Have you selected your own leader from amongst your ranks?
Remove your helmet
This one has the honor.
What is your name?
Grey Worm.
Grey Worm.
All Unsullied boys are given new names when they are cut- Grey Worm, Red Flea, Black Rat. Names that remind them what they are- vermin.
From this day forward you will choose your own names. You will tell your fellow soldiers to do the same. Throw away your slave name. Choose the name your parents gave you, or any other. A name that gives you pride.
Grey Worm" gives me pride. It is a very lucky name. The name this one was born with was cursed. That was the name he had when he was taken as a slave. But Grey Worm is the name this one had the day Daenerys Stormborn set him free.
King Robert wanted her dead.
Of course he wanted her dead. She's a Targaryen. The last Targaryen.
I suppose no one on the small council could speak sense to him.
I didn't sit on the small council.
No? Doesn't the Lord of the Kingsguard traditionally-
Traditionally, yes, but I killed a dozen of Robert's friends during his rebellion.
He didn't want advice on how to govern from a man who had fought for the Mad King. Can't say I minded much. I always hated the politics.
Yeah, I imagine I would, too. Hours spent jabbering about backstabbings - and betrayals the world over.
Mm-hmm.
Still, she'll have to wade through that muck if she wants to rule the Seven Kingdoms.
She'll have good men around her to advise her, men with experience.
Which men do you have in mind?
Forgive me, Ser Jorah, for what I'm about to say, but your reputation in Westeros has suffered over the years.
It suffered for a reason. I sold men into slavery.
I don't know if your presence by her side will help our cause when we go home.
Our cause? Forgive me, Ser Barristan, but I was busy defending the khaleesi against King Robert's assassins while you were still bowing to the man.
We both want her to rule. Am I wrong?
You only joined us a few days ago. I can't speak to your intentions.
If we're truly her loyal servants, we will do whatever needs to be done, no matter the cost, no matter our pride.
You're not Lord here. You're just another exile. And I take my orders from the queen.
Come to bed.
You were right.
The Karstarks are gone. Almost half our forces. Tywin Lannister knows what he needs to do to make us unravel. Nothing. Only wait.
Don't let him.
What can I do? Attack King's Landing? There's nothing he'd like better. He'd crush us in a day.
We could ride north. Take your land back from the Greyjoys. Wait out the winter.
Winter could last five years. Once my bannermen are home again, sitting by the fire, surrounded by their families, warm and safe, they'll never ride south again. When I gathered my lords together, we had a purpose, a mission. Now we're like a band of bickering children.
Give them a new purpose.
What?
Oh, I don't know. I don't even know where Winterfell is.
Here. And we're here. King's Landing-
What is it?
I can't force them to meet us in the field and I can't attack them where they're strongest, but I can attack them where they're not.
And Casterly Rock can't run away. I'm going to take their home away from them.
Can you do it?
I need men to replace the Karstarks who marched home. There is only one person in this kingdom with that kind of army who hasn't already sided with the Lannisters. The man whose daughter I was supposed to marry- Walder Frey.
He's such a splendid fighter. Do you have any idea when we might
I'll plant the seed as soon as Joffrey and I are married. It should grow quickly.
Joffrey won't let me leave. He's got too many reasons to keep me here.
And only one to let you go. Because it will please me.
Squire!
Well fought, ser.
That was no fight. I don't know you.
Olyver, if it please you.
I should like to see you spar with a proper partner, ser.
How did you know?
Know what?
That I wanted to.
My lord, I'll have you know I'm to be married soon and even my intended hasn't the slightest notion.
They rarely do, in my experience.
You have a good deal of experience, do you?
With the husbands.
That didn't take long.
Well, it took long enough. It seems our Knight of Flowers is engaged to be wed.
Is he? And who's the lucky girl?
She may not be the grandest ship in the world or the fastest, but she's mine. I've always wanted a ship. Now I want a dozen. Strange, isn't it?
What is?
It doesn't matter what we want, once we get it, then we want something else. Your hair is different.
Is it?
Lady Margaery wears it that way.
Many ladies wear it this way.
I have good news. I'll be leaving the city soon.
You still want me to come with you?
It's not a question of what I want. It's what you want. You want to go home, don't you?
Of course. More than anything. But maybe it would be better to wait. I've been thinking how dangerous it would be. Not just for me, but for you. You've been so kind. I'd feel terrible if anything happened to you. I can't tell you how touched I am by your concern for my welfare.
I hope you know that I'm your friend, Sansa. Your true friend.
I do, Lord Baelish.
Petyr.
Petyr.
If you wish to stay, then of course you will stay.
We'll speak again when I return.
You're late.
What's she doing here?
Our business concerns her, too. Sit.
You'll be pleased to learn that after one conversation with Olenna Tyrell, I've saved the crown hundreds of thousands on this wedding.
Never mind that now. We have something important to discuss.
I'm Master of Coin. Saving money is important.
Stop that. You're making me uncomfortable.
Your sister has learned that your new friends the Tyrells are plotting to marry Sansa Stark to Ser Loras.
Very well. She's a lovely girl. Missing some of Loras' favorite bits, but I'm sure they'll make do.
Your jokes are not appreciated.
It wasn't my best, but-
I bring them into the royal fold and this is how they repay me, by trying to steal the key to the North out from under me.
Sansa is the key to the North? I seem to remember she has an older brother.
The Karstarks have marched home. The young wolf has lost half his army. His days are numbered. Theon Greyjoy murdered both his brothers. That makes Sansa Stark the heir to Winterfell. And I am not about to hand her over to the Tyrells.
The Tyrell army is helping us to win this war. Do you really think it's wise to refuse them?
There's nothing to refuse. This is a plot. Plots are not public knowledge. And the Tyrells won't carry this one out until after Joffrey's wedding. We need to act first and kill this union in its crib.
And how do we do that?
We find Sansa Stark a different husband.
Wonderful.
Yes, it is.
You can't mean it.
I can and I do.
Joffrey has made this poor girl's life miserable since the day he took her father's head. Now she's finally free of him and you give her to me? That's cruel even for you.
Do you intend on mistreating her? The girl's happiness is not my concern, nor should it be yours.
She's a child!
She's flowered, I assure you. She and I have discussed it at length.
There, you see? You will wed her, bed her, and put a child in her. Surely you're capable of that.
And if I refuse?
You wanted to be rewarded for your valor in battle. Sansa Stark is a finer reward than you could ever dare hope for. And it is past time you were wed.
I was wed. Or don't you remember?
Only too well.
You should be thanking the gods for this. This is more than you deserve.
Tyrion will do as he's bid. As will you.
What do you mean?
You'll marry Ser Loras.
I will not.
The boy is heir to Highgarden. Tyrion will secure the North, you will secure the Reach.
No, I won't do it.
Yes, you will. You're still fertile. You need to marry again and breed.
I am Queen Regent, not some broodmare.
You're my daughter! You will do as I command and you will marry Loras Tyrell and put an end to the disgusting rumors about you once and for all.
Father, don't make me do it again, please.
Not another word. My children. You've disgraced the Lannister name for far too long.
It's always summer / Under the sea / I know I know / Oh, oh, oh. / The birds have scales / And the fish take wing / I know I know / Oh, oh, oh. / The rain is dry / and snow falls up / I know, I know / Oh, oh, oh. / The stones crack open / The water burns / The shadows come to dance / My lord / The shadows come to play / The shadows come to dance / My lord / The shadows come to stay.
You've got too much wood in there.
But the more wood, the bigger the fire.
It needs to breathe. Take off that big log.
Huh. You know your fires.
Someone built your fires for you growing up?
It doesn't get so cold down in the Reach. And there were servants, of course.
I knew you were highborn.
Oh, I found something at the Fist of the First Men. Buried treasure. Thousands of years old. I think.
What does it do?
I'm not sure that it does anything. It's beautiful, though, isn't it?
How much longer?
Not so far. A few more days.
Is the Wall as big as they say?
Bigger. So big you can't even see the top sometimes. It's hidden in clouds.
You're playing with me.
I'm not. It's seven hundred feet high, all made of ice. On a warm day you can see it weeping. Castle Black is nice enough. They keep a fire burning in the long hall day and night. And Hobb makes venison stew with onions. Very tasty. Sometimes, one of the brothers will sing. Dareon sings best.
Do you sing?
No. No, no, no. Not very well.
Sing me a song.
Oh, all right. Let's see.
Oh ahem. The father's face is stern and strong / He sits and judges right from wrong / He weighs our lives, the short and long / And loves the little children / The mother gives the gift of life / And watches over every wife / Her gentle smile ends all strife /And she loves her little children.
That's not how you skin a rabbit.
I know how to skin a rabbit.
Not by the looks of it.
You grow up north of the Wall, you learn the proper way to handle game.
I didn't see any game before I got here.
If I had a bow, I could have shot a dozen rabbits.
Well, I made this bow myself. Guess you don't learn how to do that north of the Wall.
You learn how to use your fists, though.
Oh, you're gonna punch the rabbits to death?
I had someone else in mind.
Well, someone else is sitting right here.
You're both very good at skinning rabbits.
Some of us are just a little better.
Well, some of us would say thank you when someone else hunts down their breakfast for them. Or don't they teach you to say thank you north of the Wall?
You've got a big mouth, girl, and too many teeth.
Stop it!
Hodor.
You've been fighting since you met. Just stop it.
Lady Reed here's got a stick so far up her ass, it's a wonder her feet touch the ground.
You've been nasty to her every day. Of course she's nasty back.
Me? It's my fault? First time I met her, she put a knife to my throat.
First time I met you, you held a knife at me. We can't fight each other. We'll never make it to the Wall. I want you both to make peace.
Your way of skinning rabbits is quicker than mine.
I said so, didn't I?
Osha!
You're a good little hunter.
Thank you. See? Not so hard, is it? Thank you.
Don't push me.
Shh. I'm right here with you.
What's happening?
I'm right here with you.
What's wrong with him?
The visions take their toll.
He's having one now?
I saw Jon Snow.
You saw him? At Castle Black?
He was on the wrong side of the Wall surrounded by enemies.
Used to be you couldn't find a tree within a mile of the Wall. Crows would come out every morning with axes.
Your flock gets smaller every year.
You ever climbed it before?
No. But Tormundo s done it half a hundred times. You're afraid.
Aren't you?
Aye. It's a long way up and a long way down. But I've waited my whole life to see the world from up there. Here, sit down.
I brought a pair for you. They're too big for you, but they're good.
You kill someone for them?
Nah. I didn't kill him, but I bet his balls are still bruised.
He wasn't good to me the way you're good to me. He didn't do that thing you do with your tongue.
Can we not talk about that here?
Can we not talk about that here? I'm Jon Snow. I've killed dead men and Qhorin Halfhand, but I'm scared of naked girls.
Did I seem scared the other day?
You were trembling like a leaf.
Only in the beginning.
Only in the beginning. You're a proper lover, Jon Snow. And don't worry. Your secret's safe with me.
What secret?
Do you think I'm as dumb as all those girls in silk dresses you knew growing up? You're loyal and you're brave. You didn't stop being a crow the day you walked into Mance Rayder's tent.
But I'm your woman now, Jon Snow. You're going to be loyal to your woman. The Night's Watch don't care if you live or die. Mance Rayder don't care if I live or die. We're just soldiers in their armies and there's plenty more to carry on if we go down.
It's you and me that matters to me and you. Don't ever betray me.
I won't.
Cause I'll cut your pretty cock right off and wear it 'round my neck.
Sink your metal deep and make sure it holds before taking your next step. And if you fall, don't scream. You don't want that to be the last thing she remembers.
Joffrey. Cersei. Ilyn Payne.
You're good. You're not as good as you think you are.
Face, tits, balls- I hit 'em right where I wanted to.
Aye, but you took your sweet time of it. You won't be fighting straw men, little lady. Show me your position.
Keep your elbow high. You want your back doing the hard labor. You're holding. Never hold.
What?
Your muscles tense up when you hold. Pull the string back to the center of your chin and release. Never hold.
But I have to aim.
Never aim.
Never aim?
Your eye knows where it wants the arrow to go. Trust your eye.
There's someone out there.
That's about far enough.
We come as friends.
Begging your pardon, m'lady, but we'll be the judge of that.
Valar morghulis.
Valar dohaeris. I don't see many priestesses of R'hollor in the Riverlands.
You are Thoros of Myr.
The High Priest gave you a mission. Turn King Robert away from his idols and towards the Lord of Light. What happened?
I failed.
You quit, you mean. The heathen continue to slaughter each other and you continue to get drunk.
You worship Him in your way, and I'll worship Him in mine. Do you speak the common tongue?
My friends here don't speak High Valyrian. Why are you here, my lady?
Forgive my manners. I don't see many ladies these days.
Lucky for the ladies.
How many times has the Lord brought him back?
Six.
That's not possible.
The Lord has smiled upon me.
You should not have this power.
I have no power. I ask the Lord for His favor, and He responds as He will.
I've always been a terrible priest. Drank too much rum. Fucked all the whores in King's Landing. It's a terrible thing to say, but by the time I came to Westeros, I didn't believe in our Lord. I decided that He, that all the gods, were stories we told the children to make them behave. So I wore the robes and every now and then I'd recite the prayers, but it was just for show. A spectacle for the locals. Until the Mountain drove a lance through this one's heart. I knelt beside his cold body and said the old words. Not because I believed in them, but he was my friend and he was dead. And they were the only words I knew. And for the first time in my life, the Lord replied. Beric's eyes opened and I knew the truth. Our god is the one true god. And all men must serve Him.
You've been to the other side.
The other side? There is no other side. I have been to the darkness, my lady. He sent you to us for a reason.
You have someone He needs.
Bodkin point. Penetrates plate at two hundred yards. Can you make 'em?
Yeah, nothing tricky about it. Just need decent steel.
I'll get you the steel.
Come on.
I don't like that woman.
That's 'cause you're a girl.
What does that have to do with anything?
Forgive me, lad.
What are you doing? Let go of him.
Tell them to stop. Come on. He wants to be one of you. He wants to join the Brotherhood. Stop them!
We serve the Lord of Light and the Lord of Light needs this boy.
Did the Lord of Light tell you that or did she?
You're not doing this for your god. You're doing it for gold.
We're doing it for both, girl. We can't defend the people without weapons and horses and food. And we can't get weapons and horses and food without gold.
You told me this was a Brotherhood. You told me I could be one of you.
You are more than they can ever be. They're just foot soldiers in the great war. You will make kings rise and fall.
You're a witch. You're going to hurt him.
I see a darkness in you. And in that darkness, eyes staring back at me- brown eyes, blue eyes, green eyes. Eyes you'll shut forever. We will meet again.
You staring at my ass, Jon Snow?
Look out!
You all right?
Just seeing if you can take a hit, lad.
Sorry. Were you sleeping?
Wa-
Wa-? Wa-? Water? You want some water. I wish I had some for you.
So let's play a game. Which body part do you need the least?
Please.
Please is not a body part.
I'll tell you everything, please.
But you've already told me everything. Remember? Your daddy was mean to you. The Starks didn't appreciate you. One good bit, though. The Stark boys, they're still alive. Wouldn't that be a hunt to remember? You failed, but I'm a better hunter than you.
Now how about your little finger? You don't use that for much, do you? No? Good. Let's start with that.
You've been wondering why you're here. Haven't you? Where you are. Who I am. Why I'm doing this to you. So guess. If you guess right, I'll tell you. By the old gods and the new, I swear it. You win the game if you can figure out who I am and why I'm torturing you and I win the game if you beg me to cut off your finger.
If I win, you'll let me go?
If you think this has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention.
You say please again and you'll wish you hadn't. You first. Where are we?
The North.
Too vague.
Deepwood Motte.
Terrible guess.
Now, where?
Last Hearth.
Do I look like a fucking Umber to you?
Karhold!
Karhold? How did you know that? Did you see any banners flying when we came in?
No. It was just a guess.
Very good, Lord Theon. And who am I?
Torrhen Karstark.
He's dead. Strangled by the Kingslayer.
He was your brother. Your father is Lord Rickard Karstark.
You swore to tell me if I-
You're right.
Lord Rickard Karstark is Robb Stark's bannerman. I betrayed Robb. That's why you're torturing me.
Yes. You win.
Of course, you forgot to ask one question. You forgot to ask if I'm a liar.
I'm afraid I am.
Everything I told you is a lie.
This isn't happening to you for a reason. Well, one reason- I enjoy it.
Please, cut it off! Cut it off! Cut it off!
I win.
Thank you for riding here so quickly. I know travel isn't easy in these times.
The roads are crawling with cutthroats and bandits. But when the King of the North summons us, we come.
Our father has instructed us to tell you that his alliance with the North can continue if his terms are met. Lord Frey requires a formal apology for your violation of your sacred oath to marry one of his daughters.
Of course. He deserves as much. I was in the wrong.
As restitution for this betrayal, he demands Harrenhal and all its attendant lands.
I don't think that's-
We are fighting for the North. Harrenhal is not in the North. It is his once the war is over and we have no further strategic need for it.
And there's something else.
We will do whatever we can to give Lord Frey what he needs.
Not what, whom.
What?
No.
Our father requires Lord Edmure to wed one of his daughters- Roslin.
How old is she?
Nineteen.
Could I see her first?
You want to count her teeth? We depart for the Twins in the morning. We need an answer before we leave and a wedding not more than a fortnight thereafter or this alliance is at an end.
Your father does realize we're in the middle of a war?
Father is old. It will put his heart at peace if he could see her wed to a good husband.
And his recent experience has made him wary of long engagements.
He has every right to be. Please excuse us while we discuss it.
Why should I let that old ferret choose my bride for me? At the very least, I should be offered the same choice you were. I'm his liege lord.
He's a proud man and we've wounded him.
I didn't wound him. My answer is no.
Listen to me and listen very carefully. You-
The laws of gods and men are very clear. No man can compel another man to marry.
The laws of my fist are about to compel your teeth.
It's all right. You heard him. If you refuse, our alliance with the Freys is dead.
He's wanted me for one of his daughters since I was 12. He's not gonna stop wanting it now. When I say no, he will come back and offer me a daughter of my choosing.
You're willing to risk our freedom and our lives for a chance at a prettier wife?
I have a war to fight. We can't win it without them. I have no time to haggle. You said you wanted to make amends for the Stone Mill.
You recall that heroic engagement?
I had something less permanent in mind.
I've won every battle, but I'm losing this war. If we don't do this and do it now, we're lost.
I'll marry her.
You're paying for my sins, Uncle. It's not fair or right. I'll remember it.
I see my men have finally found you something appropriate to wear.
Yes. Most kind of them. You're a Stark bannerman, Lord Bolton. I am acting on Lady Stark's orders to return Jaime Lannister to King's Landing.
When King Robb left Harrenhal, his mother was his prisoner. If she wasn't his mother, he'd have hanged her for treason.
I should send you back to Robb Stark.
You should. But instead, you're sitting here watching me fail at dinner. Why might that be?
Wars cost money. Many people would pay a great deal for you.
We both know who would pay the most. Or make you pay the most if he found out you had captured me and sent me back up north for a summary execution.
You're right. Perhaps the safest thing to do is to kill you both and burn your bodies.
It would be, if you honestly believed my father would never find out about it.
King Robb is keeping your father quite busy. He doesn't have time for anything else.
He'll make time for you.
As soon as you're well enough to travel, I will allow you to go to King's Landing as restitution for the mistakes my soldiers made. And you will swear to tell your father the truth, that I had nothing to do with your maiming.
Shall we drink on it?
I don't partake.
You do understand how suspicious that is to ordinary people?
Very well. My lady, may our journey continue without further incident.
Oh, she won't be going with you.
I am charged with bringing Ser Jaime to-
You are charged with abetting treason.
I'm afraid I must insist.
You're in no place to insist on anything. I would have hoped you'd learned your lesson about overplaying your position.
Impossible.
Why?
My grandson is the pride of Highgarden. The most desirable bachelor in all seven kingdoms. Your daughter-
Is rich, the most beautiful woman in all seven kingdoms and the mother of the king.
Old.
Old?
Old. I'm something of an expert on the subject. Her change will be upon her before long. I'll spare you the details of what will happen then. You men may have a stomach for bloodshed and slaughter, but this is another matter entirely.
The years punish us as well, I promise you that. My stomach remains quite strong, however. The only thing that might turn it are details of your grandson's nocturnal activities. Do you deny them?
Oh, not at all. A sword swallower through and through.
And a boy with his affliction should be grateful for the opportunity to marry the most beautiful woman in the kingdoms and remove the stain from his name.
Did you grow up with boy cousins, Lord Tywin? Sons of your father's bannermen, squires, stable boys?
Of course.
And you never-
No.
Not once? Not in any way?
Never.
I congratulate you upon your restraint. But it's a natural thing, two boys having a go at each other beneath the sheets.
Perhaps Highgarden has a high tolerance for unnatural behavior.
I wouldn't say that. True, we don't tie ourselves in knots over a discreet bit of buggery, but brothers and sisters- where I come from, that stain would be very difficult to wash out.
I will not breathe further life into a malicious lie by discussing it.
Lie or not, you must admit many people find it quite convincing. Convincing enough to put swords in their hands and send them off to kill Lannisters and Tyrells thanks to our new affiliation.
I don't care what people believe. And neither do you.
As an authority on myself, I must disagree.
Now, if the rumors about my children were true, then Joffrey is no king at all and House Tyrell is throwing its prized flower into the dirt.
And if Cersei is too old to give Loras children, we're throwing another prized flower into the dirt. It is a chance we simply cannot take.
The uncertainty makes you uncomfortable. All right. I'll remove it for you.
If you refuse to marry Loras to Cersei, I will name him to the Kingsguard. I'm sure you're familiar with the Kingsguard vows. He will never marry. He will never have children.
Oh
The Tyrell name will fade. And Highgarden will go to the children of Joffrey and Margaery.
You would have your grandson protected by someone who disgusts you?
I would have my grandson protected by a skilled warrior who takes his vows seriously. So, shall I draw up the order? Or do you consent to this marriage?
It's a rare enough thing- a man who lives up to his reputation.
No!
We've gotta cut them loose!
No!
Take my hand!
That's a wonderful pin.
Oh, it's more of a brooch, really. Though I suppose a brooch is a sort of pin, so
I'm very happy about
Uh, yes. I-I am as well.
I feel like I'm in a dream.
Yes, me, too. Definitely. I've dreamed of a large wedding since I was quite young. The guests, the food, the tournaments. And the bride, of course. The most beautiful bride in the world in a beautiful gown of gold and green brocade with fringed sleeves. Have you ever been to Highgarden, my lady?
No. I had never left Winterfell before I came to King's Landing. But it sounds wonderful. I can't wait to see it. And to leave this place.
It's terrible, isn't it? The most terrible place there is.
I don't suppose there's anything we can do about this.
We can have them both killed.
It's hard to say which of the four of us is getting the worst of this arrangement. Probably Sansa. Though Loras will certainly come to know a deep and singular misery.
Father doesn't discriminate. We're all being shipped off to hell together.
On a boat you built.
The Tyrells were plotting to undermine our family. I did what I did to protect our family.
I'm your family. A member of your family who has actively contributed to that family's survival. Whether or not you or Father or anyone else wants to admit it.
I do admit it. If it weren't for your trick with the wildfire, Stannis would have sacked the city before Father got here. Our heads would still be rotting on the city gate.
Trying to have me killed is an odd way of saying thank you. There are two people in King's Landing who can give an order to a Kingsguard. Did you or did you not order Ser Mandon to kill me during the Battle of the Blackwater?
The impulse I understand. He hates me because I'm the only one who tells him what he really is. So, fair enough. He wants me dead. But his stupidity? He could have had me poisoned and no one would have known. But the king orders a Kingsguard to murder the Hand of the King in full view of his own army. The boy's an idiot.
What do you want me to say?
I want you to tell me if my life is still in danger.
Probably. But not from Joffrey. He won't do anything now Father's here.
Seven kingdoms united in fear of Tywin Lannister.
Not the Tyrells. Soon they won't need to be afraid of him. Joffrey will belong to Margaery, the little doe-eyed whore. And so will his children and their children. History will be taken from our hands.
You may escape, at least. Once Jaime gets back, Ser Loras may come down with a terrible case of sword through bowels.
When Jaime gets back, yes. But when do we think that's going to be? He's out there somewhere.
Jaime or not, I'm truly fucked.
Who's going to tell her?
Do you think people will like it?
I don't think they will even notice it.
You're right. It's not my wedding. Anyway, from what I can tell, the dressmakers in Highgarden will be far superior to the ones in King's Landing. They'd never make me anything as dull as this for my wedding. Loras likes green and gold brocade.
I'm sure he does.
Will they let me invite my family?
They haven't asked my opinion.
But do you think they will?
No.
Lady Sansa, Lord Tyrion to see you. Should I-
I beg your pardon, my lady.
Good afternoon, Lord Tyrion. I was just trying on a gown for King Joffrey's wedding.
Yes, it should be quite a wedding. I need to speak with you, Lady Sansa.
Of course.
Alone, if I may.
Why do you need to speak to her alone?
Shae. Please excuse her, Lord Tyrion. She's not from here. But I trust her, even though she tells me not to.
Sometimes we think we want to hear something and it's only afterwards when it's too late that we realize we wished we'd heard it under entirely different circumstances.
It's all right, really.
How to begin? It's- this- this- this is awkward.
A thousand blades taken from the hands of Aegon's fallen enemies, forged in the fiery breath of Balerion the Dread.
There aren't. There aren't even two hundred. I've counted.
Ha, I'm sure you have. Ugly old thing. Yet it has a certain appeal. The Lysa Arryn of chairs. Shame you had to settle for your second choice.
Early days, my friend. It is flattering, really, you feeling such dread at the prospect of me getting what I want.
Thwarting you has never been my primary ambition, I promise you. Although who doesn't like to see their friends fail now and then?
You're so right. For instance, when I thwarted your plan to give Sansa Stark to the Tyrells. If I'm going to be honest, I did feel an unmistakable sense of enjoyment there. But your confidant, the one who fed you information about my plans, the one you swore to protect, you didn't bring her any enjoyment. And she didn't bring me any enjoyment. She was a bad investment on my part. Luckily, I have a friend who wanted to try something new. Something daring. And he was so grateful to me for providing this fresh experience.
I did what I did for the good of the realm.
The realm? Do you know what the realm is? It's the thousand blades of Aegon's enemies. A story we agree to tell each other over and over till we forget that it's a lie.
But what do we have left once we abandon the lie? Chaos. A gaping pit waiting to swallow us all.
Chaos isn't a pit. Chaos is a ladder.
Many who try to climb it fail and never get to try again. The fall breaks them.
And some are given a chance to climb, but they refuse. They cling to the realm or the gods or love. Illusions. Only the ladder is real. The climb is all there is.
How far are we?
About a week, I think.
You think? You don't know?
When we went to Castle Black, we took the Kingsroad.
You and your roads. Is that how you lot do your fighting? You march down the road banging drums and waving banners?
Most of the time, yes.
How do the men holding the banners fight?
They don't, really. It's a great honor to carry your house sigil.
And the drummers- is that a great honor, too?
Usually it's the young boys banging the drums.
So what good are they?
They help the men march.
How?
Well, it's- it's the rhythm.
Oh, you mean right foot, left foot, right foot, left foot, right foot? You need help remembering that? When Mance gives the signal and we hit Castle Black, we won't be banging on drums to let them know we're coming.
No. No, you're just gonna light the biggest fire the North has ever seen to let them know you're coming.
You know nothing, Jon Snow.
She's right, you don't.
I know you cut me loose on the Wall.
Cut her loose, too. Do you see her sulking about it? That's because she understands the way things are.
And are you gonna share it with me? The deep wisdom you found inside the head of a bird?
People work together when it suits them. They're loyal when it suits them. They love each other when it suits them. And they kill each other when it suits them. She knows that, you don't. Which is why you'll never hold onto her.
That rain will cost us another day.
Frey will wait. He knows we're coming.
Lord Walder is prickly by nature.
Prickly? That what you call it? Might be the least pleasant man I've ever met.
Yes, and that is why-
I've seen wet shits I liked better than Walder Frey. Apologies, Your Grace. Spent too many years around lancers and pikemen.
I've spent the last two years nursing wounded men, watching them bleed and die. I'm not afraid of wet shits.
Lord Frey will take this delay as a slight.
He can take it as he likes. He's getting the wedding he wanted.
He's getting a wedding. It was a king he wanted.
Edmure is the best match a Frey has had in the history of their house. We should all get some sleep.
If you don't put some clothes on, I can't promise I won't attack you again.
Attack. Attack.
Who are you writing?
My mother.
Is that Valyrian?
Gaaa.
Gaaa? Say hello for me.
Rytsas.
Ritsas.
That was close enough.
Does she know her daughter's a queen?
Not yet.
That will be a surprise, I expect.
Many surprises for her.
How am I supposed to sit here planning a war when you're over there looking like that?
Will you come with me one day to Volantis? When all this is over?
I will.
I promise. I know she'd love to meet you. And her grandchild.
What, now? Are you certain?
Are you angry with me?
Angry? You're my queen.
And I have your little prince or princess inside me.
Maybe one of each.
Don't get greedy.
Can you leave the war for one night?
I love you. Do you hear me? I love you.
Most men fuck like dogs.
No grace, no skill. A few dozen thrusts and done. You need to be patient. Give her time. Your cock shouldn't go near her till she's slick as a baby seal. And then you go inside, but slowly. Don't jam it in like you're spearing a pig. Come on! Hey, come on.
You think he loves you, is that it? What did he tell you? He's gonna make you his lady and live with you in some castle?
No, he didn't tell me anything. He barely talks.
I've seen you two whispering in the night, giggling like a pair of girls.
What, you're jealous?
Of course I'm jealous. You should be with one of your own.
And you're one of my own? I've never heard a kind word from your mouth.
You would if you were mine. I'd tell you that you're beautiful and fierce and wild. I'd be good to you. You love him?
Cause he's pretty? Is that it? You like his pretty hair and his pretty eyes? You think pretty is gonna make you happy?
Don't touch me.
You won't love him so much when you find out what he really is.
Growing up at Winterfell, all I ever wanted was to escape, to come here to the capital. See the southern knights and their painted armor and King's Landing after dark- all the candles burning in all those windows. I'm stupid. A stupid little girl with stupid dreams who never learns.
Come on. Come walk with me.
I remember the first time I saw you in the throne room. I'd never seen anyone who looked so unhappy. I want very much for you to be happy, Sansa, and so does my grandmother.
You would have been happy at Highgarden. But women in our position must make the best of our circumstances.
How do I make the best of my circumstances? I have to marry him.
Has Lord Tyrion mistreated you?
No.
Has he been kind to you?
He's tried.
You don't want him, though.
He's a Lannister.
Far from the worst Lannister, wouldn't you say?
I'm sorry. Here I am complaining to you.
My son will be king Sons learn from their mothers. I plan to teach mine a great deal. And your son, if I'm not mistaken, your son might be the Lord of Casterly Rock and the North someday. What?
My son with him. I'll have to- we'll have to-
If it's the pain you're worried about-
I'm not afraid of the pain. Not after what Joffrey's done to me.
What is it, then? He's rather good-looking even with the scar. Especially with the scar.
He's a dwarf. And Loras- Loras.
Some women like tall men. Some like short men. Some like hairy men. Some like bald men. Gentle men, rough men, ugly men, pretty men, pretty girls. Most women don't know what they like until they've tried it. And, sadly, so many of us get to try so little before we're old and gray. Tyrion may surprise you. From what I've heard, he's quite experienced.
And that's a good thing?
It can be. We're very complicated, you know. Pleasing us takes practice.
How do you know all this? Did your mother teach you?
Yes, sweet girl. My mother taught me.
She's a child.
She's a foot taller than you.
A tall child.
What's the youngest you've ever had?
Not that young.
How much older?
Older.
You're a lord, she's a lady. And a beauty at that. I don't see the problem.
Shae isn't going to like it.
Shae is a whore. Are you gonna marry her? Eh? How did marrying a whore work out for you the first time?
I should never have told you about that.
You want Shae, keep her. Wed one and bed the other. All you have to do is get a son in the Stark girl. He'll be Lord of Winterfell one day. You can rule the North in his name. You'll have two women and a whole kingdom of your own.
Two women to despise me and a whole kingdom to join them.
You waste time trying to get people to love you, you'll end up the most popular dead man in town. You want to fuck that Stark girl. You just don't want to admit it.
I don't pay you to put evil notions in my head. The ones already there don't need company.
You pay me to kill people who bother you. Evil notions come free.
Your Grace.
Grandfather.
You wanted to speak to me?
Yes. I'd like a report on the meetings of my small council.
You're welcome to attend the meetings of your small council, Your Grace. Any or all of them.
I've been very busy. Many important matters require a king's attention.
Of course.
You've been holding the council meetings in the Tower of the Hand instead of the small council chamber.
I have, yes.
May I ask why?
The Tower of the Hand is where I work. To walk from there to here would take time, time I could otherwise spend productively.
So if I wanted to attend a council meeting, I would now have to climb all the stairs in the Tower of the Hand?
We could arrange to have you carried.
Tell me about the Targaryen girl in the east and her dragons.
Where did you hear about this?
Is it true?
Apparently so.
Don't you think we ought to do something about it?
When I was Hand of the King under your father's predecessor, the skulls of all the Targaryen dragons were kept in this room. The skull of the last of them was right here. It was the size of an apple.
And the biggest was the size of a carriage.
Yes, and the creature to whom it belonged died 300 years ago. Curiosities on the far side of the world are no threat to us.
But how do we know these dragons are just curiosities and not the beasts that brought the whole world to heel?
Because we have been told as much by the many experts who serve the realm by counseling the king on matters about which he knows nothing.
But I haven't been counseled.
You are being counseled at this very moment.
I should be consulted about such things.
From now on, I will see to it that you are appropriately consulted on important matters whenever necessary. Your Grace.
Yunkai. The Yellow City.
The Yunkish train bed slaves, not soldiers. We can defeat them.
On the field, with ease. But they won't meet us on the field. They have provisions, patience, and strong walls. If they're wise, they'll hide behind those walls and chip away at us, man by man.
I don't want half my army killed before I've crossed the Narrow Sea.
We don't need Yunkai, khaleesi. Taking this city will not bring you any closer to Westeros or the Iron Throne.
How many slaves are there in Yunkai?
Two hundred thousand if not more.
Then we have Two hundred thousand reasons to take the city.
Send a man to the city gates. Tell the slavers I will receive them here, and accept their surrender. Otherwise, Yunkai will suffer the same fate as Astapor.
Now comes the noble Razdal mo Eraz of that ancient and honorable house, master of men and speaker to savages, to offer terms of peace.
Noble lord, you are in the presence of Daenerys Stormborn of House Targaryen, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Chains, and Mother of Dragons.
You may approach. Sit.
Will the noble lord take refreshment?
Ancient and glorious is Yunkai. Our empire was old before dragons stirred in old Valyria. Many an army has broken against our walls. You shall find no easy conquest here, khaleesi.
Good. My Unsullied need practice. I was told to blood them early.
If blood is your desire, blood shall flow. But why? 'Tis true you have committed savageries in Astapor. But the Yunkai are a forgiving and generous people.
The wise masters of Yunkai have sent a gift for the silver queen.
There is far more than this awaiting you on the deck of your ship.
My ship?
Yes, khaleesi. As I said, we are a generous people. You shall have as many ships as you require.
And what do you ask in return?
All we ask is that you make use of these ships. Sail them back to Westeros where you belong and leave us to conduct our affairs in peace.
I have a gift for you as well. Your life.
My life?
And the lives of your wise masters. But I also want something in return. You will release every slave in Yunkai. Every man, woman, and child shall be given as much food, clothing, and property as they can carry as payment for their years of servitude. Reject this gift, and I shall show you no mercy.
You are mad. We are not Astapor or Qarth. We are Yunkai and we have powerful friends. Friends who would take great pleasure in destroying you. Those who survive, we shall enslave once more. Perhaps we'll make a slave of you as well.
You swore me safe conduct.
I did, but my dragons made no promises. And you threatened their mother.
Take the gold.
My gold. You gave it to me, remember? And I shall put it to good use. You'd be wise to do the same with my gift to you. Now get out.
The Yunkish are a proud people. They will not bend.
And what happens to things that don't bend? He said he had powerful friends. Who was he talking about?
I don't know.
Find out.
Chains?
Solid gold from the mines outside Lannisport. Smithed in Casterly Rock.
Golden chains.
You could buy a ship with these.
Do I need a ship?
What?
Am I going somewhere?
Of course you're not going anywhere.
So, am I invited to your wedding?
I didn't ask for this marriage. I didn't want it.
No? She's a beautiful girl. You said so yourself.
That doesn't mean that- this is duty, not desire.
Is that what you will tell yourself when you fuck her?
I don't have a choice. My father-
Does not rule the world. We can still go across the Narrow Sea.
What would I do there? Juggle? I am a Lannister of Casterly Rock.
And I'm Shae the funny whore.
My feelings for you have not changed. I will marry Sansa Stark and do my duty by her.
While I empty her chamber pot and lick your cock when you're bored?
I swear to you it will not be like that.
No? What will it be like?
I will buy you a good home somewhere in the city. You will have fine clothes, guards to keep you safe, servants. Any children we might have will be well provided for.
Children? You think I want children who can never see their father? Who would be killed in their sleep if their grandfather found out about them?
Listen. Listen to me, my lady.
I'm not your lady.
You are. You'll always be my lady.
I'm your whore. And when you are tired of fucking me, I will be nothing.
What happened?
Wildfire. I should have been here.
After all the running and fighting, here I am, back where I started.
Do you miss it?
King's Landing?
Your father's house.
Never had a father. Never wanted one.
Haven't you ever wondered where your strength came from? Your talent for fighting?
I'm lowborn. As low as can be. My mother was a tavern wench.
Mine was a slave. So was I. Bought and sold, scourged and branded, until the Lord of Light reached down, took me in his hand and raised me up.
I was born in Flea Bottom.
Your blood is noble.
Are you saying my father, he was some lord or-
There. Your father's house.
I'm just a bastard.
The bastard of Robert of the House Baratheon, First of His Name, King of the Andals and the First Men. Why do you think the gold cloaks wanted you? There is power in a king's blood.
Come sit by the fire, child.
Not talking, eh? That's a first.
I don't talk to traitors.
I didn't like giving up the boy.
But you did. You took the gold and you gave him up.
The Red God is the one true god. You've seen his power. When he commands, we obey.
He's not my one true god.
No? Who's yours?
Death.
Spotted a Lannister raiding party.
How many?
No more than twenty.
How far?
Less than a day's ride south.
What do you say, boys? Time for a lion hunt?
Yeah!
But what about Riverrun? It's not south. It's west of here.
It will still be west of here two days from now.
You swore.
To take you home, and I will. But we need to do this first.
Why? So you can steal their gold?
I swear to you, this isn't-
I don't care what you swear because you're a liar. You lied to Gendry, you lied to me. You'll lie to anyone. I hope the Lannisters kill you all.
One day you'll understand, but now-
Anguy, bring her back.
Come back, girl!
Kick all you like, wolf girl. Won't do you no good.
I thought you were gone.
Tomorrow.
Have they told you what they plan to do with me?
Lord Bolton's traveling tomorrow as well. He's going to the Twins for Edmure Tully's wedding. You're to remain here.
With Locke?
I owe you a debt.
When Catelyn Stark released you, we both made a promise to her. Now it's your promise. You gave your word. Keep it and consider the debt paid.
I will return the Stark girls to their mother. I swear it.
Good-bye, Ser Jaime.
Here. Let me.
It will take time.
Qyburn hopes your father will force the Citadel to give him back his chain.
My father will make him Grand Maester if he grows me a new hand.
You will give my regards to Lord Tywin, I trust?
Tell Robb Stark I'm sorry I couldn't make his uncle's wedding. The Lannisters send their regards.
Safe journey, Kingslayer. Nothing to say? I liked you better before. I don't remember chopping your balls off, too. And don't you worry about your friend. We'll take good care of her.
Shh.
Gentle, my lord. Gentle.
Shh, shh, shh. Myranda knows what she's doing. Let her. She trained as a septa, only she had other urges.
So did the septons, only they lied about it.
Where is he?
Who, my lord?
There's no one here but you, me, and Violet.
Please.
Don't you want us to see it?
Oh, come on. Let us see it. Everybody talks about it.
He sent you.
Who sent us?
We sent ourselves, Lord Greyjoy.
We heard so much about it.
Oh! There it is.
Oh. Do you think we're ugly? He thinks we're ugly.
Well, he's been through so much. Look at his poor face.
Help me. If he comes back-
We need to make him feel better.
And how can we make him feel better?
I have an idea.
Oh, she's shy. You know how they are, these religious girls.
Maybe he doesn't know how we are.
Oh. I felt something. Oh, Lord Greyjoy.
As good as they say?
Mmm.
And why should you get all the fun?
What? You like her better?
Plenty there for both of us.
I was here first.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Terrible timing.
But I was getting jealous.
Well? Should we see this cock everyone's always going on about?
Everyone knows you love girls. I bet you always thought they loved you back.
Your famous cock must be very precious to you. Would you say it's your most precious part?
Please. No. No! Mercy, please! Please, mercy! Mercy!
This is mercy. I'm not killing you. Just making a few alterations.
No! No! No! Please, no! No! No! No, please! Please!
You're gonna scare it off.
I'm not gonna scare it. I'm gonna kill it.
It's too far away.
Is that a palace?
It's a windmill.
Windmill. Who built it? Some king?
Just the men who used to live here.
They must have been great builders, stacking stones so high.
Winterfell has towers three times that size.
I'm Jon Snow and I'm from Winterfell. My daddy was a fancy lord and I lived in a tower that touched the clouds.
If you're impressed by a windmill, you'd be swooning if you saw the Great Keep at Winterfell.
What's swooning?
Fainting.
What's fainting?
When a girl sees blood and collapses.
Why would a girl see blood and collapse?
Well not all girls are like you.
Well, girls see more blood than boys. Or do you like girls who swoon, Jon Snow? Oh, a spider! Save me, Jon Snow.
My dress is made of the purest silk from Tralalalaleeday.
I'd like to see you in a silk dress.
Would you?
So I could tear it off you.
Well, you rip my pretty silk dress, I'll blacken your eye.
Maybe one day I'll take you to Winterfell.
Or maybe one day I'll take you there. After we've taken our land back.
Ygritte. You won't win. I know your people are brave, no one denies that.
You know nothing-
Six times in the last thousand years, a King has attacked the kingdoms. Six times they failed.
And how do you know that?
Every boy in the North knows it. We grow up learning it. Where the battles were fought, the names of the heroes, who died where. Six times you've invaded and six times you've failed. The seventh will be the same.
Mance is different.
You don't have the discipline. You don't have the training. Your army is no army. You don't know how to fight together.
You don't know that.
I do. I know it. If you attack the Wall, you'll die. All of you.
All of us.
You're mine as I'm yours. And if we die, we die. But first we'll live.
Yes, first we'll live.
What's he going on about? And how come he always gets to sit and chat while we do all the work?
Hodor.
That's where we are.
What are you telling him?
It's all right, Osha.
It's not all right. You think I can't hear you every day? Filling his head with black magic. Talking about visions and three-eyed ravens and worse.
Leave him alone.
He can speak for himself.
I don't fill his head with anything.
So what do you talk about?
What's happening to him and what that means.
Go on, then. Tell us what it means.
It's not like that. I wish I could tell him all the answers. It would be much easier.
I don't want you talking to him anymore. Until we get to your brother at Castle Black.
We're not going to Castle Black.
What did you say?
I told you already. Jon Snow isn't there. Bran needs to find the raven beyond the Wall.
Oh, no. I'm not going back there. Your brother is at Castle Black. That's where we're going. Look at me.
The raven's been coming to me ever since I fell from that tower. He wants me to find him. I don't have my legs anymore. This is what I have now.
You have a family. You need to go back to Castle Black so you can get back to them where you belong.
What if I belong in the North? What if I fell from that tower for a reason?
Is that what he's telling you? That it's all for a reason? All these bad things happened because the gods got big plans for you? I wish it were true, little lord. But the gods wouldn't spare a raven's cold shit for you or me or anyone.
You don't understand. You don't know.
You don't know. None of you know. None of you have been up there. I had a man once. A good man. Bruni, his name was. I was his and he was mine. But one night Bruni disappears. People said he left me, but I knew him. He'd never leave me. Not for long.
I knew he'd come back. And he did. He came in through the back of the hut. Only it wasn't Bruni. Not really. His skin was pale like a dead man's. His eyes bluer than clear sky. He came at me, grabbed me by the neck and squeezed so hard I could feel the life slipping out of me. I don't know how I got the knife. When I did, I stuck it deep into his heart. And he hardly seemed to notice. I had to burn our hut down with him inside. I didn't ask the gods what it meant. I didn't need to. I already knew. It meant the North was no place for men to be. Not anymore. I promised your maester I'd get you to Castle Black and no further.
How is the pain, my lord?
What's the purpose of an arm with no hand?
Well, we've stymied the corruption.
Yes, we've stymied the corruption. You're a learned man.
All the good it's done me.
You did well sewing up this mess. You're far better at this sort of work than Grand Maester Pycelle.
Faint praise, my lord.
So why did the Citadel take your chain? Did you fondle one boy too many?
No, my lord. That's not my weakness.
What is?
Curiosity. The only way to treat disease is to understand disease. And the only way to understand it is to study the afflicted.
You performed experiments on living men.
On dying men.
With their permission?
My studies have given me insight that has saved many lives.
Dying paupers, I assume. Men with no families to complain. You found them moaning in the poorhouse and had them carted back to your garret and opened up their bellies to see what was inside.
How many men have you killed, my lord?
I don't know.
Fifty? A hundred?
Countless.
Countless has a nice ring to it.
And how many lives have you saved?
Half a million. The population of King's Landing. You were in charge of the ravens at Harrenhal. Did you- did you get a bird off to Brienne's father in Tarth?
A bird flew off and a bird flew back. Lord Selwyn Tarth offered three hundred gold dragons for his daughter's safe return.
A fair offer.
A fair offer. Locke won't take it.
Why not?
He's convinced Lord Tarth owns all the sapphire mines in Westeros.
He feels he's being cheated.
They'd be fools to kill her.
These men have been at war a long time. Most of them will be dead by winter. She'll be their entertainment tonight. Beyond tonight, I don't think they care very much.
We have to return to Harrenhal.
Why?
I've left something behind.
Absolutely not. I've got orders from Lord Bolton.
And what are those orders?
To deliver you to your father at King's Landing.
You think you'll get a reward.
I serve Lord Bolton. Any appreciation your father-
You think you're getting a reward. Let me explain something to you. When my father sees me, the first thing he's going to ask is what happened to my hand. And I'm going to tell him this man chopped it off.
I had nothing-
Or I could tell him this man saved my life. We return to Harrenhal now.
Whoa.
Eyes open, lads.
Be quiet.
The bear, the bear and the maiden fair / From there to here, from here to there / All black and brown and covered in hair / He smelled that girl in the summer air / The bear, the bear, and the maiden fair!
Don't spare her. Don't spare her!
Well, this is one shameful fucking performance. Stop running and fight.
A wooden sword?
I thought you'd gone.
You gave her a wooden sword.
We've only got one bear.
I'll pay her bloody ransom. Gold, sapphires, whatever you want. Just get her out of there.
All you lords and ladies still think that the only thing that matters is gold.
This makes me happier than all your gold ever could. And that makes me happier than all her sapphires. So go buy yourself a golden hand and fuck yourself with it.
Ah!
Get behind me.
I will not.
What the fuck are you doing to my bear?
Lord Bolton charged me with bringing him back to King's Landing alive and that's what I aim to do.
Pull her up.
Hold my legs.
Pull him up!
The bitch stays.
We're taking her to King's Landing. Unless you kill me.
She belongs to me. Lord Bolton's orders.
What do you think is more important to Lord Bolton? Getting his pet rat a reward or ensuring Tywin Lannister gets his son back alive?
Well, we must be on our way. Sorry about the sapphires.
I'll give you one try, girl.
Kill me and you're free. But if I live, I'll break both your hands. Go on, hit me. Hit me hard.
Sulk all you want. The truth is, you're lucky. You don't want to be alone out here, girl. Someone worse than me would find you.
There's no one worse than you.
Ha, you never knew my brother. He once killed a man for snoring. There's plenty worse than me. There's men who like to beat little girls, men who like to rape them. I saved your sister from some of them.
You're lying.
Ask her, if you ever see her again. Ask her who came back for her when the mob had her on her back. They would have taken her every which way and left her there with her throat cut open.
Is that the Blackwater?
The Blackwater? Where do you think I'm taking you?
Back to King's Landing to Joffrey and the queen.
Fuck Joffrey. Fuck the queen. That's the Red Fork. I'm taking you to the Twins.
But why?
Because your mother and brother will be there and they'll pay me for you.
Why would they be at the Twins?
Those outlaws you love so much never told you? The whole countryside is yapping about it. Your uncle is marrying one of the Frey girls. So quit trying to bash my skull in and we might just make it there in time for the wedding.
Men who fight for gold have neither honor nor loyalty. They cannot be trusted.
They can be trusted to kill you if they're well paid. The Yunkish are paying them well.
You know these men?
Only by the broken swords on their banners. They're called the Second Sons. A company led by a Braavosi named Mero, "The Titan's Bastard."
Is he more titan or bastard?
He's a dangerous man, khaleesi. They all are.
How many?
Two thousand, Your Grace. Armored and mounted.
Enough to make a difference?
It's hard to collect wages from a corpse. I'm sure the sellswords prefer to fight for the winning side.
I imagine you're right.
I'd like to talk to the Titan's Bastard about winning.
He may not agree to meet.
He will. A man who fights for gold can't afford to lose to a girl.
Your Grace, allow me to present the captains of the Second Sons- Mero of Braavos, Prendahl na Ghezn, and-
Daario Naharis
You are the Mother of Dragons? I swear I fucked you once in a pleasure house in Lys.
Mind your tongue.
Why? I didn't mind hers. She licked my ass like she was born to do it.
You, slave girl, bring wine.
We have no slaves here.
You'll all be slaves after the battle unless I save you. Take your clothes off and come and sit on Mero's lap and I may give you my Second Sons.
Give me your Second Sons and I may not have you gelded. Ser Barristan, how many men fight for the Second Sons?
Under two thousand, Your Grace.
We have more, don't we?
Ten thousand Unsullied.
I'm only a young girl, new to the ways of war, but perhaps a seasoned captain like yourself can explain to me how you propose to defeat us.
I hope the old man is better with a sword than he is with a lie. You have eight thousand Unsullied.
You're very young to be a captain.
He's not a captain. He's a lieutenant.
Even if your numbers are right, you must admit the odds don't favor your side.
The Second Sons have faced worse odds and won.
The Second Sons have faced worse odds and run.
Or you could fight for me.
We've taken the slavers' gold. We fight for Yunkai.
I would pay you as much and more.
Our contract is our bond. If we break our bond, no one will hire the Second Sons again.
Ride with me and you'll never need another contract. You'll have gold and castles and lordships of your choosing when I take back the Seven Kingdoms.
You have no ships. You have no siege weapons. You have no cavalry.
A fortnight ago, I had no army. A year ago, I had no dragons. You have two days to decide.
Show me your cunt. I want to see if it's worth fighting for.
My Queen, shall I slice out his tongue for you?
These men are our guests. You seem to be enjoying my wine. Perhaps you'd like a flagon to help you ponder.
Only a flagon? And what are my brothers in arms to drink?
A barrel, then.
Good. The Titan's Bastard does not drink alone. In the Second Sons, we share everything. After the battle, maybe we'll all share you.
I'll come looking for you when this is over.
Ser Barristan, if it comes to battle, kill that one first.
Gladly, Your Grace.
Half Robert, half lowborn.
Show the boy to his chambers. Have the maids draw him a bath and find him some decent clothes. I'll come visit you soon.
What do you mean to do with him?
You know what I mean to do with him.
Then why bathe him and dress him in fine clothes? If it needs to be done, do it. Don't torture the boy.
Have you ever slaughtered a lamb, my king?
No.
If the lamb sees the knife, she panics. Her panic seeps into her meat, darkens it, fouls the flavor.
You've slaughtered many lambs?
And none have seen the blade.
And tho- and thowg V-v-visenya Targaryen rod- rode Vhagar- Vhag-' Fuck me. 'Visenya Targaryen rode Vhagar, the smallest of the dragons, though still large enog- enough- enough to swallow a horse whole.
Your Grace.
They feeding you enough?
Two meals a day. Cold for breakfast, hot for supper. I cannot complain.
You don't belong in a place like this.
Well, it's sad to say, but I've seen worse.
Yeah.
I'm sorry about your son. Didn't get the chance to tell you before. Good lad. Loyal lad.
Melisandre's returned.
I didn't know she'd been gone.
Came back with a bastard boy. Robert's bastard boy.
Why?
She says there's power in king's blood.
She's going to kill him.
Sacrifice him.
Forgive me, Your Grace, I'm not a learned man, but is there a difference between kill and sacrifice? The boy is your nephew.
What of it? We're at war. Why should I spare the son of some tavern slut Robert bedded one drunken night?
Because he has your blood in his veins.
So did Renly.
Renly wronged you. Renly declared himself king when the throne belonged to you. He raised an army, stole your bannermen. This boy has done you no harm. He's an innocent.
How many boys live in Westeros? How many girls? How many men? How many women?The darkness will devour them all, she says. The night that never ends. Unless I triumph. I never asked for this. No more than I asked to be king. We do not choose our destiny, but we must do our duty, no? Great or small, we must do our duty. What's one bastard boy against a kingdom?
Your Grace, why did you come to see me today?
I came to free you. If you swear never to raise your hand to the Lady Melisandre again.
I swear it. I can't swear never to speak against her.
You have little regard for your own life.
Quite little, Your Grace. Verging on none. You could have freed me yesterday or tomorrow, but you came to me now before this boy is put to the knife because you knew I'd counsel restraint. You came to hear me say it because you believe it yourself. You're not a man who slaughters innocents for gain or glory. When my son was five he said to me, 'I don't ever want to die. ' I wanted to say to him, 'You won't, child. You won't ever.' I hated the idea of him lying awake in the dark, afraid. I think mothers and fathers made up the gods because they wanted their children to sleep through the night.
I saw a vision in the flames. A great battle in the snow. I saw it. And you saw whatever she gave birth to. I never believed, but when you see the truth, when it's right there in front of you as real as these iron bars, how can you deny her god is real?
Little dragon bitch. She talks too much.
You talk too much.
She won't talk so much when she's choking on my cock.
Eight thousand Unsullied stand between her and your cock.
My cock will find a way. Tell him. Is there any place that my cock can't reach?
She'll tell me whatever you pay her to tell me.
Daario Naharis, the whore who doesn't like whores.
I like them very much. I just refuse to pay them. And I'm no whore, my friend.
She sells her sheath and you sell your blade. What's the difference?
I fight for beauty.
For beauty?
We fight for gold.
The gods gave men two gifts to entertain ourselves before we die- the thrill of fucking a woman who wants to be fucked and the thrill of killing a man who wants to kill you.
You'll die young.
What do we do about the dragon girl? We can't beat eight thousand Unsullied on the battlefield.
There won't be a battle. And we don't have to deal with her eunuchs. We only have to deal with her.
She's well guarded.
Tonight's a new moon. One of us slips into her camp past her Unsullied and her knights.
Which one of us?
Close your eyes, love.
Three coins. A coin from Meereen, a coin from Volantis, and a coin from Braavos. The Braavosi does the deed. One for each of us, darling. No peeking.
Do you hear me? Follow my voice. I'm right here.
You have something for me?
Valar morghulis.
Lady Sansa.
You look very handsome, my lord.
Oh, yes. The husband of your dreams. But you do look glorious. Perhaps we could have a moment alone. Do you mind? Podrick, could you escort Lady Stark's handmaiden?
My lady, I want you to know I didn't ask for this.
I hope I will not disappoint you, my lord.
No, don't. You don't have to speak to me as a prisoner anymore. You won't be a prisoner after today. You'll be my wife. I suppose that's a different kind of prison. I just wanted to say- I'm just trying to say, very badly- I just- just want to say I know how you feel.
I doubt that very much, my lord.
You're right. I have no idea how you feel. And you have no idea how I feel.
But I promise you one thing, my lady. I won't ever hurt you. Do you drink wine?
When I have to.
Well, today you have to.
You look radiant, Your Grace.
Radiant? Why radiant?
It's the word that came to mind.
We're going to be sisters soon. We should be friends.
You're a musical girl, aren't you? I imagine you have a lovely voice.
A better dancer than a singer, I'm afraid.
Ah, but you know the song 'The Rains of Castamere'?
Of course. They play it so often here at court.
So you know the story of House Reyne of Castamere?
Not as well as you, I'm sure.
House Reyne was a powerful family. Very wealthy. The second wealthiest in Westeros. Aren't the Tyrells the second wealthiest family in Westeros now?
Of course, ambitious climbers don't want to stop on the second highest rung. If only you could take that final step, you'd see further than all the rest. You'd be alone with nothing but blue sky above you. So Lord Reyne built a castle as grand as Casterly Rock. He gave his wife diamonds larger than any my mother ever wore. And finally one day, he rebelled against my father. Do you know where House Reyne is now?
Gone.
Gone. A gentle word. Why not say slaughtered? Every man, woman, and child put to the sword.
I remember seeing their bodies hanging high above the gates of Casterly Rock. My father let them rot up there all summer. It was a long summer. 'And now the rains weep o'er their halls, and not a soul to hear.'
If you ever call me sister again, I'll have you strangled in your sleep.
What are you doing?
Your father's gone. As the father of the realm, it is my duty to give you away to your husband.
You may now cloak the bride and bring her under your protection.
Could you-
Thank you.
Your Grace, Your Grace, my lords, my ladies, we stand here in the sight of gods and men to witness the union of man and wife. One flesh, one heart, one soul, now and forever.
Have you ever seen one like it?
I've never seen anything like any of this. Not in my life.
It's shocking, isn't it, the first time you encounter real wealth? When I was your age, I lived on one bowl of stew a day. And stew is a kind word for it.
In Flea Bottom we called them bowls of brown. We'd pretend that the meat in them was chicken. We knew it wasn't chicken.
Here, taste this.
You think I'm trying to poison you?
That's good.
That's really good.
Where do you think it's from?
I couldn't even guess.
Doesn't matter, does it? It's the real thing or it's not. You only need a tongue to tell the difference. Go on, have some more. You still don't trust it. You think this is all a mistake and that you'll have to pay somehow for every bite you take.
That thought had crossed my mind, yeah.
There are no mistakes. Not for us.
I'm a mistake. I'm only here because my father grabbed my mother instead of the girl next to her in the tavern.
Your father chose your mother because the Lord of Light willed it. He willed it so you could be here right now with a power inside you you can't even begin to understand. And He brought me here to draw it from you and birth it into the world. We're both a part of His plan. He wants this for us. No, He demands this of us.
I don't understand. This- this doesn't seem very religious.
According to whom? The Silent Sisters? With their stern looks, muzzled mouths, and dried-up cunts? What have their gods done for you? Hmm? When you pray to them, what's their answer? A god is real or he's not. You only need eyes to see.
Death is coming for everyone and everything. A darkness that will swallow the dawn. And we can stop it, you and I.
Let me show you what you have inside you. Come fight death with me.
What are you doing?
You have to trust me.
What-? Get it away. Get it off me.
Don't fight, don't fight. They won't take much.
Why are you doing this?
I told you there's power in the blood of kings. And you have so much blood.
No. No, no, no, no! Not there. Not there!
You can blame Ser Davos. He didn't believe in the power of king's blood. He wanted a demonstration.
Please. Please, Your Grace. My lord!
The usurper Robb Stark. The usurper Balon Greyjoy. The usurper Joffrey Baratheon.
So their son will be your nephew. After you're wed to Cersei, of course. And you will be the king's stepfather and brother-in-law. When you marry the king, Joffrey's mother will become his sister-in-law and your son will be Loras' nephew? Grandson? I'm not sure. But your brother will become your father-in-law. That much is beyond dispute.
Will you pardon me, my lord?
Of course. Of course. En-enjoy.
Perhaps you could talk to your bride-to-be instead.
I've got a lifetime for that.
Stay.
You seem rather drunk.
Rather less than I plan to be. Isn't it a man's duty to be drunk at his own wedding?
This isn't about your wedding. Renly Baratheon had a wedding. Your wife needs a child, a Lannister child, as soon as possible.
And?
If you're going to give her one, you need to perform.
What did you once call me? A drunken little lust-filled beast.
More than once.
There you have it. Nothing to worry about. Drinking and lust, no man can match me in these things. I am the god of tits and wine. I shall build a shrine to myself at the next brothel I visit.
You can drink, you can joke, you can engage in juvenile attempts to make your father uncomfortable, but you will do your duty.
Well, my father once told me-
Nobody cares what your father once told you.
Congratulations, my lady.
Thank you, Your Grace.
Well, you've done it. You've married a Lannister. Soon you'll have a Lannister baby. It's a dream come true for you, isn't it? What a glorious day.
Yes, Your Grace.
I suppose it doesn't really matter which Lannister puts the baby into you. Maybe I'll pay you a visit tonight after my uncle passes out. How'd you like that?
You wouldn't? That's all right. Ser Meryn and Ser Boros will hold you down.
Time for the bedding ceremony.
There will be no bedding ceremony.
Where's your respect for tradition, Uncle? Come, everyone. Pick her up and carry her to her wedding bed. Get rid of her gown. She won't be needing it any longer. Ladies, attend to my uncle. He's not heavy.
There will be if I command it.
Then you'll be fucking your own bride with a wooden cock.
What did you say? What did you say?
I believe we can dispense with the bedding, Your Grace. I'm sure Tyrion did not mean to threaten the king.
A bad joke, Your Grace. Made out of envy of your own royal manhood. Mine is so small. My poor wife won't even know I'm there.
Your uncle is clearly quite drunk, Your Grace.
I am. Guilty. But- but it is my wedding night.
My tiny drunk cock and I have a job to do. Come, wife.
I vomited on a girl once in the middle of the act. Not proud of it. But I think honesty is important between a man and wife, don't you agree? Come, I'll tell you all about it. Put you in the mood.
Is that wise, my lord?
Tyrion, Sansa. My name is Tyrion.
Is that wise, Tyrion?
Nothing was ever wiser.
Astoundingly long.
What?
Neck. You have one. How old are you exactly?
Fourteen.
Well, talk won't make you any older. My lord father has commanded me to consummate this marriage.
Stop. I can't. I could, I won't.
But your father-
If my father wants someone to get fucked, I know where he can start. I won't share your bed. Not until you want me to.
What if I never want you to?
And so my watch begins.
Ninteen
Yes, Your Grace.
How can anyone speak nineteen languages?
It only took Your Grace a year to learn Dothraki reasonably well.
Yes, well, it was either learn Dothraki or grunt at my husband and hope- what do you mean reasonably well?
Dothraki is difficult for the mouth to master. So guttural and harsh.
Drogo said I spoke Dothroaki like one born to it. It gave him great pride.
Athjahakar.
Athjahaka.
Ath-ja-hakar.
Athjahakar.
Well, I suppose I'm a bit out of practice.
Your High Valyrian is very good, Your Grace. The gods could not devise a more perfect tongue. It is the only proper language for poetry.
No screaming or she dies.
What do you want?
You.
Let her go.
Don't scream, lovely girl.
You were sent here to kill me?
So why haven't you?
I don't want to.
What do your captains have to say about that?
You should ask them.
Why?
We had philosophical differences.
Over what?
Your beauty. It meant more to me than it did to them.
You're a strange man.
I'm the simplest man you'll ever meet. I only do what I want to do.
And this is supposed to impress me?
Yes.
Why would I trust a man who murders his comrades?
They ordered me to murder you. I told them I preferred not to. They told me I had no choice. I told them I am Daario Naharis. I always have a choice. They drew their swords and I drew mine.
Will you fight for me?
Swear to me.
The Second Sons are yours and so is Daario Naharis. My sword is yours, my life is yours, my heart is yours.
You really ought to knock.
I brought your breakfast.
It's getting dark. We could stay here for the night.
How hard can it be to build a fire?
It doesn't matter. Come under the furs. We can keep each other warm.
He winked at me before.
I doubt it.
I saw him wink at me.
He blinked.
I suppose it's a rather philosophical difference between a wink and a blink.
A what?
Well, I mean, there's no real difference.
A wink is on purpose.
You thought of a name yet? It would be easier to refer to him if he had a name.
Sometimes do you talk fancy on purpose to confuse me?
What? No. This is just the way I talk.
I'll build that fire.
Don't you think he should have a name?
I don't know many boys' names.
Let's see, there's Duncan, Kevan, Jo,n Guymon, Feldan, Tristifer.
Craster.
Uh, yes. Maybe that's not-
Mormont.
That's a lovely idea, but Mormont's a last name.
Why is it a last name?
Well, it's a family name. For instance, I'm Samwell Tarly. Samwell is my birth name and Tarly is my family name. You see? So my father is also a Tarly.
His name is Samwell Tarly, too?
No, Randyll Tarly.
Randyll is a handsome name.
Please don't name him Randyll.
Is your father cruel like mine?
Different manner of cruel.
Not Randyll, then.
Don't. Don't go out there.
I'll be back. I just want to look.
Go inside. Go back inside. I'll-
It's come for the baby.
Stay back!
You stay back!
No, you can't have him! No!
No!
Are you sure about this?
No.
It's dangerous.
If we take Tywin's castle from him, the lords of Westeros will realize he's not invincible. Take his home, take his gold, take his power.
Why are you telling me?
You begged me not to send Theon to negotiate with his father and I ignored your advice.
Now Winterfell is burned to the ground. The North is overrun with Ironborn and Bran and Rickon are gone.
So, Casterly Rock? I'm asking your advice.
We have enough men?
If Walder Frey cooperates.
If reinforcements arrive from King's Landing, before we take the castle, we'll be caught between Tywin's army and the sea.
We'll lose the war and die the way father died. Or worse.
Show them how it feels to lose what they love.
My honored guests, be welcome within my walls and at my table. I extend to you my hospitality and protection in the light of the Seven.
We thank you for your hospitality, my lord.
I have come to make my apologies, my lord, and to beg your forgiveness.
Don't beg my forgiveness, your Grace. It wasn't me you spurned, it was my girls.
One of them was supposed to be queen, now none of them are.
This is Arwyn, my daughter. My daughter Walda, my daughter Derwa, my daughter Waldra.
My eldest granddaughters Ginia and Neila.
Serra and Sarra, granddaughters, twins. You could have had either. Could have had both for all I care.
My granddaughter Marianne. My granddaughter Freya. My granddaughter...W-W-Wertha? Waldra? Waldina?
I'm Merry.
Fine. And here's my youngest daughter Shirei, though she hasn't bled yet. Clearly you don't have the patience for all that.
My ladies. All men should keep their word, kings most of all. I was pledged to marry one of you and I broke that vow. The fault is not with you. Any man would be lucky to have any one of you. I did what I did not to slight you, but because I loved another. I know these words cannot set right the wrong I have done to you and your house. I beg your forgiveness and pledge to do all I can to make amends so the Freys of the Crossing and the Starks of Winterfell may once again be friends.
Very good.
There she is. Come closer, let me have a look at you.
Still can't see you. Old eyes.
Love. That's what the Starks of Winterfell call it, eh? Heh. Very honorable, I call it a pretty face. Mmmm, very pretty. Prettier than this lot, that's for sure. Very shapely as well. Oh, you try to hide her under that dress. If you wanted to hide her, you shouldn't have brought her here in the first place.
I can always see what's going on beneath a dress. Been at this a long time. I bet when you take that dress off, everything stays right where it is. Doesn't drop an inch.
Your king says he betrayed me for love. I say he betrayed me for firm tits and a tight fit.
And I can respect that. When I was your age, I'd have broken fifty oaths to get into that without a second thought. Well, I've enough room in the hall for you lot. We'll set up tents outside with food and ale for the rest of your men.
Thank you, my lord.
Well, let's get ready. The wine will flow red and the music will play loud and we'll put this mess behind us.
Where?
There.
There, it's a back gate. My men use it when they visit Yunkai's bed slaves.
Your men but not you?
I have no interest in slaves. A man cannot make love to property.
This is where we enter the city. Very few guards, they know me. They let me inside.
We're not gonna sneak an army through a back gate.
I kill the guards. I take your two best men and lead them through the back streets, which I know well, and open the front gates.
Then comes the army. Once the walls are breached, the city will fall in hours.
Or perhaps you'll lead Grey Worm and me to the slaughter, cutting the head off our army. The masters of Yunkai will pay you your fee and you won't have to split it three ways cause you've already slaughtered your partners.
You have a very suspicious mind. In my experience, only dishonest people think this way.
You command the Unsullied. What do you think?
Lo jention mirre nÅ«mÄzme Ä“za, iderenna qopsa verdagon issa.
I trust him.
You leave tonight.
Very good. We'll prepare.
Ser Jorah. You can use an extra sword.
You're the Queensguard, Ser Barristan. Your place is by the Queen. If we are truly her loyal servants, we'll do whatever needs to be done. No matter the cost, no matter our pride.
We're west of Castle Black, but the Nightfort's closest to us. It was the first castle on the Wall. The Watch abandoned it during the reign of King Jaehaerys I. Too big, impossible to maintain. Other than Castle Black itself, the Nightfort's the perfect castle for us. It's got a secret sally port, the Black Gate, as old as the Wall itself. No one's used it for centuries, most likely. It leads through the Wall right down into the Nightfort, if no one knows how to find it, which, it just so happens I do.
How do you know all that?
I read about it in a very old book.
You know all that from staring at marks on paper?
Yes.
You're like a wizard.
Our father used to tell us that no wildling ever looked upon the Wall and lived. Here we are. Alive.
Remember what happens to children who run. I'm your father and I'll do the talking.
The roads have gone right to hell, haven't they? Cracked three spokes this morning.
Need a hand?
Need about eight hands.
Got to get this salt pork to The Twins in time for the wedding.
Many thanks.
Don't! Don't kill him.
Dead rats don't squeak.
You're so dangerous, aren't you? Saying scary things to little girls. Killing little boys and old people. A real hard man you are.
More than anyone you know.
You're wrong. I know a killer. A real killer.
That so?
You'd be like a kitten to him. He'd kill you with his little finger.
That him?
No.
Good.
Don't kill him! Please. Please don't.
You're very kind. Someday it'll get you killed.
Where are we?
The Gift, I think. Brandon The Builder gave all this land south of the Wall to the Night's Watch for their sustenance and support. Maester Luwin taught me that.
Doesn't seem to be supporting anyone at the moment.
It's good land and there's no war up here. Why leave?
Wildlings.
Sorry. But they come over the Wall and raid, steal, carry off women.
Old Nan said they turn your skull into a cup and make you drink your own blood from it.
That's what Old Nan said.
There's a storm coming.
I don't see any.
It's as good a place to shelter as any.
We can drink some blood while we wait. I don't need much.
Only one old man and eight good horses.
What's one old man doing with eight horses?
He breeds them for the Watch.
How's he keep folks from stealing them?
The Watch protects him.
Not today they don't. He's selling horses, he's got some gold in there.
And proper steel.
Let's carve him up.
We just take the horses and go. The old man's no threat.
I keep telling you.
He's an old man. A spear through the heart's a better way to die than coughing up your last with no one but your horses to hear.
The Watch might send a few men looking for a horse thief. They'll send a lot more to hunt down murderers.
I hope so. Killing crows in their castle is tough. Killing them out here in the open, that's what we do.
Spread out. Surround the hut and move in.
Ygritte!
Clear the barn!
No one's going to believe you're a hog farmer if you eat them all.
Best part of the animal.
Don't worry, they're still there.
I know they're still there.
You check every five minutes like you're afraid they're gonna move.
I'm not afraid.
Of course you are. You're almost there and you're afraid you won't make it. The closer you get, the worse the fear gets. No point in trying to hide behind that face. I know fear when I see it. Seen it a lot.
I knew fear when I saw it in you. You're afraid of fire.
When Beric's sword went up in flames, you looked like a scared little girl.
And I know why, too. I heard what your brother did to you. Pressed your face to the fire like you're a nice juicy mutton chop.
That give you some ideas?
Might do.
Go ahead then. You might get away. Might even make it there on your own. They're just over the river. The closest you've been to family since Ilyn Payne snipped your daddy's neck.
Someday I'm gonna put a sword through your eye and out the back of your skull.
How are we going to get past the Wall? My uncle said it's 700 feet high.
How did you get past it?
Got in a boat and rowed past the Bay of Seals.
It would take us two months to get to the Bay of Seals.
Some climb straight up the ice.
Even Hodor's not strong enough to climb the Wall with me on his back.
Hodor!
Nineteen castles guard the Wall. Only three are still manned.
One of those abandoned fortresses will give us a way through.
My uncle said the gates were sealed with ice and stone when the castles were deserted.
Well, we'll have to open them up again.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
There's a rider out there.
Just one?
There's more.
It's just thunder, sweet giant.
Hodor.
I yield. I yield.
Wildlings.
Where's Shaggydog and Summer?
Hunting.
Shhh, quiet, Hodor.
Make him shut up. If they hear usâ€¦
To Hodor] Hush, Hodor. No, no more Hodoring.
Hodor, calm down.
You need to keep quiet.
They're gonna hear us.
Hodor, be quiet.
Hodor, calm down. Hodor, be quiet!
What did you do?
Nothing. I don't know.
What's That?
That's a horse dying.
Bring them over here.
That was the last of them. The rest are dead.
I heard shouting up there.
Thunder.
I know the difference between shouting and thunder.
Maybe it's ghosts.
That won't help you, grandpa.
Where you riding?
Doesn't matter now, does it?
No, it doesn't matter now.
Cut his throat or he'll tell the crows we're here.
You understand.
Let me stand at least.
Let me go with a bit of dignity.
Make the crow kill him. You're one of us now. Prove it.
The wolves are out there.
I can't do it by choice. I don't know how. It happens in my dreams.
You're a warg, Bran. It's in your blood.
I can't.
You just did, with him.
A wolf is nothing compared to that.
She looks sharp.
Do it. Do it.
Told ya. He's still one of them.
Go on, boy.
Go on!
He's a crow. He'll always be a crow. And here's his crow wife guarding him. He'll stab us in the back first chance he gets.
Kill him!
He's one of them!
No!
Do you hear me?
You're not gonna die for one of them.
Do it. They'll find us if you don't.
You were right the whole time.
When you hear a songbirdo s whistle, you come. I'm a great whistler, the greatest in the land.
Daario Naharis.
That one was quick.
There may be others.
I doubt it. The Yunkish prefer to let their slaves do their fighting for them.
That's what you call a few guards?
Lord Edmure, I hope I'm not a disappointment to you.
You're a delight to me, my lady.
You may now cloak the bride and bring her under your protection.
In the sight of the Seven, I hereby seal these two souls, binding them as one for eternity. Look upon each other and say the words.
Father, Smith, Warrior, Mother, Maiden, Crone, Stranger. I am hers and she is mine from this day until the end of my days.
Is that safe?
They're long gone.
You were right. I can get inside Summer's mind whenever I want.
Of course you can. North of the Wall there are wildlings who can control all sorts of animals. But you did a lot more than that. You got inside Hodor's mind.
They can't do that north of the Wall?
No one can do that. Anywhere.
When I was looking through Summer's eyes, I saw Jon.
Where?
He was with the wildlings. They tried to kill him but he got away.
He'll be heading back to Castle Black then. That's where we should go.
For all we know, Castle Black's already under attack. If this many wildlings got through-
I already told you. I'm not going north of the Wall.
Everything Jojen told me is true. You saw what I did to Hodor. I have to find the three-eyed raven.
Listen to me, little lord.
Don't worry, I'm not asking you to come with me. It won't be safe for Rickon.
Me? I'm coming with you.
No. You and Osha and Shaggydog head for the Last Hearth. The Umbers are our bannermen. They'll protect you.
I'm coming with you. I'm your brother. I have to protect you.
Right now, I have to protect you.
Robb's at war and I'm going beyond the Wall. If something happens to us, you're the heir to Winterfell.
Will you know how to find the last Hearth?
You Southerners build your big castles and you never move. You're easy to find.
We're not Southerners.
And I don't want to leave you.
Shhh. Come here, little soldier. You and me, we're gonna have some adventures.
You don't have to do any of this.
Your family took me in and was good to me when they had no cause to be. Shhh. We'll be fine, you and me. The Umbers are great warriors. Even I heard about them growing up. They'll teach you how to swing a sword.
I know how to swing a sword.
You're leaving now? It's the middle of the night.
I learned to walk in darkness.
Say your good-byes, little man.
Keep this one safe. He means the world to me.
We've been waiting a long time. Haven't we? Well I don't know, you tell me. How long does it take to sack a city?
It was just as you said. They did not believe until it was too late. Their slave soldiers threw down their spears and surrendered.
And Daario Naharis?
The city is yours, my queen.
They're good, aren't they?
They ought to be because they cost enough.
Look at the crowd there.
He complained about this marriage the entire ride from Riverrun and now look at him.
The Godo s love to reward a fool.
Uncle.
What? He's my nephew, I love him. And he's a damned fool.
Don't you drink, Lord Bolton?
Never do, my lady. Dulls the senses.
That's the point. Didn't you marry one of these Frey girls?
Aye. Lord Walder let me choose any of his granddaughters and promised me the girl's weight in silver as a dowry. So I have a fat, young bride.
I hope she makes you very happy.
Well, she's made me very rich.
Pardon, my lord, my lady. I need to find a tree to piss on.
My mother's alone with Roose Bolton. I should rescue her.
Your mother is less in need of rescue than any woman I've ever met.
Be kind. She's finally starting to like you.
And I like her. But if she had her way, I would be back in Volantis, playing my harp and you would be sitting over there , eating blackberries out of Roslin Frey's hand.
Perhaps I've made a terrible mistake.
Striking your king is an act of treason.
No, don't. Don't insult them.
Your Grace.
The Septon has prayed his prayers, some words were said and Lord Edmure has wrapped my daughter in a cloak. But they are not yet man and wife. A sword needs a sheath . And a wedding needs a bedding . What does my sire say?
To bed! To bed! To bed!
If you think the time is right, Lord Walder, by all means, let us bed them.
Ho-ho! Careful now, ladies. Once you set that monster free, there's no caging him again .
Poor girl.
Every bride suffers the same. I'm sure you endured yours with grace.
Oh, Ned forbade it. He said it wouldn't be right if he broke a man's jaw on our wedding night.
That is a very strange custom.
I suppose it does seem strange from a foreigner's perspective.
It seems normal to you?
It's tradition. Without the bedding ceremony, there's no real proof the lord and lady consummated their marriage.
No, but there are other ways of providing proof.
Boy or girl?
I don't know. But if it's a boy, I know what we should name him.
Oh, do you? It seems to me the father should have some say in his son's naming.
Eddard. Don't you want to teach little Ned Stark how to ride horses?
I do.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Where are you going?
Got salt pork for the feast.
The feast is over.
It doesn't sound like it's over.
If I tell you it's over, it's over. Turn this cart around and get the hell out of here.
Got pig's feet, too .
Are you soft in the head? Turn this cart around!
I feel I've been remiss in my duties.
I've given you meat and wine and music but I haven't shown you the hospitality you deserve. My king has married and I owe my new queen a wedding gift.
Robb!
You ready to head home to Winterfell, eh?
Feast over yet, is it?
Aye, it's over!
It's too late.
The King in the North arises, heh heh.
Lord Walder! Lord Walder, enough! Let it end! Please! He is my son! My first son! Let him go and I swear that we will forget this! I swear it by the Old Gods and New! We will take no vengeance.
You already swore me one oath right here in my castle. You swore by all the Gods, your son would marry my daughter!
Take me for a hostage but let Robb go! Robb, get up! Get up and walk out! Please! Please!
And why I would let him do that?
On my honor as a Tully, on my honor as a Stark, let him go or I will cut your wife's throat!
I'll find another.
Mother.
The Lannisters send their regards.
It's too late.
Yah! Yah!
Go, move out!
The King in the North! The King in the North! The King in the North! The King in the North!
The King in the North! The King in the North!
Here comes the King in the North! Here comes the King in the North!
Here comes
Hmm. Ser Eldrick Sarsfield and Lord Desmond Crakehall. Ser Eldrick Sarsfield and Lord Desmond Crakehall.
What are you doing?
I have a list.
A list of people you mean to kill?
For laughing at me? Do I look like Joffrey to you? No, death seems a bit extreme. Fear of death, on the other hand-
You should learn to ignore them.
My lady, people have been laughing at me far longer than they've been laughing at you. I'm the Halfman, the Demon Monkey, the Imp.
You're a Lannister. I am the disgraced daughter of the traitor Ned Stark.
The disgraced daughter and the Demon Monkey. We're perfect for each other.
So how should we punish them?
Who? Whom?
Ser Eldrick Sarsfield and Lord Desmond Crakehall.
Ah. I could speak to Lord Varys and learn their perversions. Anyone named Desmond Crakehall must be a pervert.
I hear that you're a pervert.
I am the Imp. I have certain standards to maintain.
We could sheep shift Lord Desmondo s bed. You cut a little hole in his mattress and you stuff sheep dung inside. Then you sew up the hole and make his bed again. His room will stink, but he won't know where it's coming from.
Lady Sansa!
My sister used to do that when she was angry with me. And she was always angry with me.
Why sheep shift?
That's the vulgar word for dung.
My lady-
Well, you asked me.
Oh! That's him!
My lord, my lady. Your father has called a meeting of the small council.
Killed a few puppies today?
Show him. Come on, show him.
Oh, apologies, my lord. Old fingers.
Roslin caught a fine fat trout. Her brothers gave her a pair of wolf pelts for her wedding. Signed Walder Frey.' Is that bad poetry or is it supposed to mean something?
Robb Stark is dead. And his bitch mother. Write back to Lord Frey. Thank him for his service and command him to send Robb Stark's head. I'm going to serve it to Sansa at my wedding feast.
Your Grace, Lady Sansa is your aunt by marriage.
A joke. Joffrey did not mean it.
Yes, I did. I'm going to have it served to Sansa at my wedding feast.
No. She is no longer yours to torment.
Everyone is mine to torment. You'd do well to remember that, you little monster.
Oh, I'm a monster. Perhaps you should speak to me more softly, then. Monsters are dangerous and just now kings are dying like flies.
I could have your tongue out for saying that.
Let him make his threats. Hmm? He's a bitter little man.
Lord Tyrion should apologize immediately. Unacceptable, disrespectful, and in very bad taste.
I am the king! I will punish you.
Any man who must say, 'I am the king' is no true king. I'll make sure you understand that when I've won your war for you.
My father won the real war. He killed Prince Rhaegar. He took the crown while you hid under Casterly Rock!
The king is tired. See him to his chambers.
Come along.
I'm not tired.
We have so much to celebrate. A wedding to plan. You must rest.
Grand Maester, perhaps some essence of nightshade to help him sleep.
I'm not tired!
Come.
Not you.
You just sent the most powerful man in Westeros to bed without his supper.
You're a fool if you believe he's the most powerful man in Westeros.
A treasonous statement. Joffrey is king.
You really think a crown gives you power?
No. I think armies give you power.
Mm-hmm.
Robb Stark had one, never lost a battle, and you defeated him all the same.
Oh, I know. Walder Frey gets all the credit. Or the blame, I suppose, depending on your allegiance. Walder Frey is many things, but a brave man? No. He never would have risked such an action if he didn't have certain assurances.
Which he got from me. Do you disapprove?
I'm all for cheating. This is war.
But to slaughter them at a wedding. Explain to me why it is more noble to kill ten thousand men in battle than a dozen at dinner.
So that's why you did it? To save lives?
To end the war. To protect the family. Do you want to write a song for the dead Starks? Go ahead, write one. I'm in this world a little while longer to defend the Lannisters, to defend my blood.
The Northerners will never forget.
Good. Let them remember what happens when they march on the south. All the Stark men are dead. Winterfell is a ruin. Roose Bolton will be named Warden of the North until your son by Sansa comes of age.
I believe you still have some work to do on that score.
Do you think she'll open her legs for me after I tell her how we murdered her mother and brother?
One way or another, you will get that girl pregnant.
I will not rape her.
Shall I explain to you in one easy lesson how the world works?
Use small words. I'm not as bright as you.
The house that puts family first will always defeat the house that puts the whims and wishes of its sons and daughters first. A good man does everything in his power to better his family's position regardless of his own selfish desires.
Does that amuse you?
No, it's a very good lesson. Only it's easy for you to preach utter devotion to family when you're making all the decisions.
Easy for me, is it?
When have you ever done something that wasn't in your interest but solely for the benefit of the family?
The day that you were born. I wanted to carry you into the sea and let the waves wash you away. Instead, I let you live. And I brought you as my son. Because you're a Lannister.
Sansa.
It's empty.
Let's find a place to sleep.
Hodor. Hodor.
Don't, Hodor.
Maybe we shouldn't stay.
You'd rather be out there?
There are a lot of stories about this place. Horrible stories.
I always quite liked the horrible stories.
So did I. Once.
You ever heard about the Rat Cook?
No. Who's he?
Just a cook in the Night's Watch. He was angry at the king for something, I don't remember. When the king was visiting the Nightfort, the cook killed the king's son, cooked him into a big pie with onions, carrots, mushrooms and bacon. That night he served the pie to the king. He liked the taste of his son so much, he asked for a second slice. The gods turned the cook into a giant white rat who could only eat his own young. He's been roaming the Nightfort ever since, devouring his own babies. But no matter what he does, he's always hungry.
If the gods turned every killer into a giant white rat-
It wasn't for murder the gods cursed the Rat Cook or for serving the king's son in a pie. He killed a guest beneath his roof. That's something the gods can't forgive.
The late Walder Frey,' old Hoster called me because I didn't get my men to the Trident in time for battle. He thought he was witty. Look at us now, Tully. You're dead, your daughter Catelyn's dead, your grandson's dead, your son spent his wedding night in a dungeon, and I'm Lord of Riverrun.
The Blackfish escaped.
An old man on the run with no allies. I have Tywin Lannister backing me. Who does he have?
As you say.
They all laughed at me, all those high lords. They all thought they were better than me. Ned Stark, Hoster Tully. People snigger when I marry a young girl, but who said a word when Jon Arryn married the little Tully bitch?
You'll be needing a new young girl.
Yeah. Got that to look forward to.
And you, the Warden of the North. No more Starks to bow and scrape to. Must have been torture following that stupid boy all over the country.
He ignored my advice at every turn. If he'd been a trifle less arrogant-
Calling himself the Young Wolf. How's that for pomposity?
Well, here's to the Young Wolf!
Forever young.
Will you move to Winterfell now that the war's over?
At some point perhaps. But Winterfell's in ruins.
Yeah. What happened up there? I heard the Greyjoy boy seized the place. I heard he killed all the ravens. And after that, nothing.
I sent my bastard Ramsay to root him out. Robb Stark offered amnesty for the Ironborn if they gave us Theon.
Oh. And?
Ramsay delivered the terms. The Ironborn turned on Theon as we knew they would. They handed him over trussed and hooded. But Ramsay- well Ramsay has his own way of doing things.
Well, the girls weren't lying. You had a good-sized cock.
What? No. Pork sausage. You think I'm some sort of savage?
People talk about phantom limbs. An amputee might have an itch where his foot used to be. So I've always wondered do eunuchs have a phantom cock?
Next time you think about naked girls, would you feel an itch?
Sorry. I shouldn't make jokes. My mother taught me not to throw stones at cripples.
But my father taught me to aim for their head.
Kill me.
Sorry, what?
A little louder.
Kill me!
You're no good to me dead. We need you.
You don't look like a Theon Greyjoy anymore. That's a name for a lord. But you're not a lord, are you? You're just meat.
Stinking meat.
You reek. Reek! That's a good name for you. What's your name?
Theon Greyjoy.
What's your name?
Th- Theon Greyjoy.
Please.
What is your name?!
Reek. My name is Reek.
Hodor.
Don't kill me!
Who are you?
Sam! Sam!
Who are you?!
Gilly. Don't hurt us.
Where are you going?
To Castle Black. I'm a brother of the Night's Watch.
My brother, he's in the Night's-
Shush.
Who's your brother?
Doesn't matter.
You're Jon's brother. The one who fell from the window.
No, I'm not.
I've been around Ghost enough to know a direwolf when I see one. And I've heard all about Hodor.
Hodor.
I'd be dead if it wasn't for Jon. If you're his brother, you're my brother, too. And anything I can do to help you, I will.
Take us north of the Wall.
What? Why in the world would you want to go-
I don't want to. I have to.
How did you get through the Wall?
Does the well lead to an underground river? Is that how you came here?
Come with us. There are steps carved into the south side of the Wall. Hodor can carry you to the top. We'll walk straight to Castle Black.
Come with us. There's nothing north but death.
If Jon is alive, then Castle Black's where he'll be. It's the safest place for you.
There's nowhere safe any longer. You know that.
What I know is what I saw. And if you saw it, too, you'd run the other way.
You saw the White Walkers and the army of the dead.
How do you know all that?
The Night's Watch can't stop them. The kings of Westeros and all their armies can't stop them.
But you're going to stop them?
Please, Sam. I have to go north. I have to.
Balon Greyjoy, Lord of the Iron Islands and invader of the North. I give you until the full moon to order all Ironborn scum out of the North and back to those shit-stained rocks you call a home.
On the first night of the full moon, I will hunt down every islander still in our lands and flay them living the way I flayed the twenty Ironborn scum I found at Winterfell. In the box you'll find a special gift- Theon's favorite toy. He cried when I took it away from him.'
Leave the North now or more boxes will follow with more Theon. Signed Ramsay Snow, natural-born son of Roose Bolton, Lord of the Dreadfort and Warden of the North.' Get that out of my sight.
Theon disobeyed my orders.
The boy is a fool. He cannot further the Greyjoy line. I will not give up the lands I have seized, the strongholds I have taken. Get this away from me.
He's your son.
Son? He's not a man anymore.
He's your son. He's my brother. He's a Greyjoy.
Watch yourself. I've made my decision.
And I've made mine. I'm going to pick the fastest ship in our fleet.
I'm going to choose the fifty best killers on the Iron Islands.
Get those ropes!
I'm going to sail up the Narrow Sea all the way to the Weeping Water. I'm going to march on the Dreadfort. I'm going to find my little brother and I'm going to bring him home.
What is it?
Dragonglass.
We found them at the Fist. Someone buried them a long time ago. Someone wanted us to find them.
Why? What are they for?
Killing White Walkers.
How do you know that?
The Walker came for my baby. And Sam-
But no one's killed a White Walker in thousands of years.
Well, I suppose someone had to be the first.
Take it, Hodor.
And the archer. I got lucky with one of them. There are more. Many more. And for every one of them, the dead men, more than you could count. I wish you'd come with us.
I wish I could. I really do.
How are you keeping?
Great. Never better.
It was just a bit of blood.
I should have known. Every time a highborn asks my name, it's trouble. We're not really people to you, are we? Just a million different ways to get what you want.
I'm not a highborn.
She called you Ser. I heard it.
A recent state of affairs. I was born in Flea Bottom just like you.
Sure, you were. You're my friend. You're here to help.
I lived below the Street of Flour.
How far below? How close to the Red Keep were you?
The shit that poured from their privy pipes flowed down the side of Aegon's Hill along Tanner's Row and right in front of my front door on Gin Alley.
Gin Alley.
The Street of Steel, with your armor and your knights? Pfft. You lived in the fancy part of town. And here we are now. Two boys from Flea Bottom in the castle of a king.
Yeah, we've come a long way. We're all the same, really. She went to great pains to point that out to me.
If you mistrust fancy people so much, why were you in such a hurry to trust her?
You're me. Never been with a woman. Never talked to a woman, really. And then she comes at you- big words, no clothes. What would you have done?
She does know her way around a man's head, I'll give her that.
So how'd you become a lord?
Oh, that's a long story.
Better not, then. I'm a bit busy.
Many years ago I helped King Stannis out of a difficult situation. He rewarded me with a lordship. And this.
You see? Highborns.
I didn't want to be a lord. I nearly didn't accept.
Why did you?
I did it for my son. I didn't want him to step over a river of shit every time he stepped through his front door. I wanted him to have a better life.
Does he?
He's dead.
How'd he die?
Following me.
When did you come to this strange country?
When I was thirteen.
You were only a child.
I stopped being a child when I was nine. My mother made sure of that.
You've been a good influence on our mutual friend, you know. He used to drink from sundown to sunup, visit three brothels a night, gamble away his father's money. Now it's just the drinking.
And now I'm his wife's servant. I brush her hair and clip her nails and empty her chamber pot.
She is a sweet young thing. None of this is her fault.
I love that girl. I would kill for her. Do you think that makes it easier for me?
No, I expect not.
She's young and she's beautiful and highborn.
We break bread with them, but that doesn't make us family. We've learned their language, but we'll never be their countrymen. If you let yourself believe that a foreign girl with no name could spend her life with the son of Tywin Lannister-
I have a name.
You have one name. As do I. Here only the family name matters.
What do you want from me, Lord Varys?
Diamonds. I'd tell you to beware carrying so much wealth, but you know how to protect yourself. Get on one of those ships. Sail to Pentos or Lys or Myr. You can buy a house with these diamonds, a very large house. Hire servants. Start a new life, a good life, far from here. The mysterious foreign beauty. You'll have suitors lining up.
Why do you want me to leave?
Tyrion Lannister is one of the few people alive who could make this country a better place. He has the mind for it, he has the will, he has the right last name. And you- you are a complication. I know you love him. And I know it's true love not bought by gold and silver. I'm not asking you to leave him for money. I'm asking you to leave because your presence in the capital endangers him. This will never be your home, my lady. Find a true home somewhere far from here while there's still time.
Lord Varys.
If he wants me to leave, he can tell me himself.
Keep up.
I don't think I can, my lord.
It's not easy being drunk all the time. Everyone would do it if it were easy.
Leave.
So, enjoying married life? An unhappy wife is a wine merchant's best friend.
She doesn't deserve this.
Deserve? Be careful with that. Start trying to work out who deserves what and before long you'll spend the rest of your days weeping for each and every person in the world.
There's nothing worse than a late-blooming philosopher.
Will you be facing your marriage to Ser Loras with the same philosophical spirit?
I won't be marrying Ser Loras.
I seem to remember saying something similar about my own marriage.
You're not me. You want to make things better for Sansa? Give her a child.
So you can tell Father it was you who finally talked me into it?
So she can have some happiness in her life.
You have children. How happy would you say you are?
Not very. But if it weren't for my children, I'd have thrown myself from the highest window in the Red Keep. They're the reason I'm alive.
Even Joffrey?
Even Joffrey. He was all I had once. Before Myrcella was born. I used to spend hours looking at him. His wisps of hair. His tiny little hands and feet. He was such a jolly little fellow. You always hear the terrible ones were terrible babies. 'We should have known. Even then we should have known.' It's nonsense. Whenever he was with me, he was happy. And no one can take that away from me, not even Joffrey- how it feels to have someone. Someone of your own.
How long does it go on?
Until we've dealt with all our enemies.
Every time we deal with an enemy, we create two more.
Then I suppose it will go on for quite a long time.
I'm telling you, that's what she did. Sounded like a cow in heat.
Aye, not for long.
That's right. Black Walder shut her up right quick. None of the Starks had much to say about the end of that meal.
I'll tell you what, though. The hardest thing was getting that wolf's head to stay on the body.
You sewed it on?
I did.
I bet there were a thousand men claiming they were the one.
It was me. And Malcolm and Talbott. Well, the thing was so heavy, it fell off the first time. Took the skin right with it. What we ended up having to do was hook the needle right under the collarbone. Give it a nice firm mooring and-
What do you want?
Mind if I keep warm?
Fuck off.
But I'm hungry.
Does fuck off mean something different where you're from?
I've got money.
What kind of coin is that?
It's worth a lot.
Sorry.
Little shit.
Fool!
Where did you get the knife?
From you.
Is that the first man you've killed?
The first man.
Next time you're going to do something like that, tell me first.
Valar morghulis.
Ygritte, you know I didn't have a choice. You always knew who I was, what I am.
I have to go home now. I know you won't hurt me.
You know nothing, Jon Snow.
I do know some things. I know I love you.
I know you love me. But I have to go home now.
I know how this must look. What I meant was-
I swear to you, my lord-
I'm not a lord, my dear. Not for many, many years. Every man who joins the Night's Watch renounces all former titles. Among other things. What is your name?
Gilly.
Ah, for the gillyflower. Lovely.
Yes, my-
Maester.
Master.
And the child?
She hasn't chosen a name yet.
His name is Sam.
Tarly do you remember the oath you swore when you joined this order?
He's not my child, Maester Aemon. She's one of Craster's wives. I remember every word of the oath. Night gathers and my watch begins. I am the shield that guards the realms of men. The realms of men. That means her as well as us. We didn't build five hundred miles of ice walls seve hundred feet high to keep men out. The night is gathering, Maester Aemon. I've seen it. It's coming for all of us.
Gilly, you and your son will be our guests for the time being. We certainly cannot send you back beyond the Wall.
Thank you Maester. I can cook and clean and I can-
Good. Samwell, fetch a quill and inkwell. I hope your penmanship is better than your swordplay.
Miles better.
We had forty-four ravens at last count. Make sure they're all fed. Every one of them flies tonight.
To His Grace King Stannis Baratheon. Invaded- inv- invit- invited to the name day celebration for Rylene Florent on the first nigit-
Night.
First night of the full moon.' Why is there a G in night?
I don't know. There just is.
Well, your father's not going to go to that.
My books are better than these boring scrolls. You could read about Balerion the Dread. They say you can still see his skull in the dungeons beneath the Red Keep. I'd like to see that someday.
I've been trying to stay out of those dungeons my whole life.
His fangs were as long as bastard swords.
Aye, old Balerion's definitely better than anything your cousin Rylene's got on offer. But now that I'm your father's Hand again, I have to keep him informed. The king does not have time for this drudgery. 'To all the lords and knobble men of Westeros.'
Noblemen.
Noblemen of Westeros, the Nig- the Night's Watch implores-
What is it?
Why are they ringing the bells? Are we being attacked?
Stay here. Bar the door.
The usurper Robb Stark is dead. Betrayed by his bannerman.
And you take credit because you dropped a leech into the fire?
I take no credit. I have faith and my faith has been rewarded.
Your Grace, the world has got so far bent. I've seen things crawl out of nightmares, but my eyes were open. I don't know if Robb Stark died because of the Red Woman's sorcery or because at war men die all the time, but I do know that uniting the Seven Kingdoms with blood magic is wrong. It is evil. And you are not an evil man.
Do you know who had this table carved and painted, Ser Davos?
Aegon Targaryen.
And do you know how Aegon Targaryen conquered Westeros?
On the back of his dragon, Balerion the Dread.
He had a smaller fleet than the kings he faced and a smaller army, but he had three dragons. Dragons are magic, Ser Davos. My enemies have made my kingdom bleed. I will not forget that. I will not forgive that. I will punish them with any arms at my disposal.
You do not need to burn the boy. If what you say is true, a drop of his blood killed Robb Stark-
And our king is still no closer to the Iron Throne. A great gift requires a great sacrifice.
His name is Gendry. He's a good lad. A poor lad from Flea Bottom who happens to be your nephew.
What is the life of one bastard boy against a kingdom?
Everything.
The boy must die.
What are you doing?
You're leaving.
Is this some kind of trick?
Yes, but not on you.
Aim for that star. Don't stop. There's bread and water. Go slow with it. If you finish it off, no matter how thirsty you get, don't drink seawater.
I know not to drink seawater.
Row for a full day and night and you'll reach Rook's Rest. You'll want to stop there. Don't. She'll find you.
Where should I go?
You must keep the coast on your left side until you reach King's Landing.
The gold cloaks are looking for me.
They were looking for me for twenty years. Do they know your face?
No.
I'd worry more about the Red Woman.
The other way.
You ever been in a boat before?
You know how to swim?
Don't fall out. Go on.
Why are you doing this?
Because it's right. And because I'm a slow learner.
When you get to Flea Bottom, have a bowl of brown for me.
Horse approaching! Halt! Halt!
Jon! Jon! Jon, it's us.
I don't think he can see us.
Pyp? Sam?
Hush, now. You're home. Carry him inside. Gently.
Out of the way. Step aside, country boy. People working here.
Cersei.
You don't deny it?
No. I let him go.
Your mercy saved the boy's life. You feel good about that?
Aye, I do.
You saved one innocent. How many tens of thousands have you doomed?
There has got to be another way.
What other way?! Tell us about this other way.
I don't know, Your Grace. I can't see the future in the fire.
Very well, Ser Davos Seaworth. I, Stannis of the House Baratheon, First of My Name, Rightful King of the Andals and the First Men, sentence you to die.
I understand. But since you haven't yet unnamed me Hand of the King, it is my duty to advise you against it. You're gonna need me.
Take him away.
Why am I gonna need you?
My king.
It's from Maester Aemon of the Night's Watch. Their Lord Commander is dead. Took a ranging party north and never made it back. One lad did, though. What he saw beyond the Wall- it's coming for all of us.
When did you learn to read?
Matthos taught me before he died so I could be of better service to you.
This War of Five Kings means nothing. The true war lies to the north, my king. Death marches on the Wall. Only you can stop him.
You can't stop him alone. You need someone to rebuild your army for you, someone to convince this lord and that lord to fight for you, to bring sellswords and pirates to your side.
I've made my decision.
He's right. You need him. He has a part to play in the war to come.
You see, Ser Davos? You've been saved by that fire god you like to mock. You're in his army now.
They will come, Your Grace. When they're ready.
Perhaps they didn't want to be conquered.
You didn't conquer them. You liberated them.
People learn to love their chains.
This is Daenerys Targaryen, the Stormborn, the Unburnt, the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros, Mother of Dragons. It is to her you owe your freedom
No.
You do not owe me your freedom. I cannot give it to you. Your freedom is not mine to give. It belongs to you and you alone. If you want it back, you must take it for yourselves. Each and every one of you.
Mhysa!
Mhysa!
Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa!
What does it mean?
It is old Ghiscari, khaleesi. It means 'mother'.
Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa.
It's all right. These people won't hurt me.
Fly.
Let me pass
Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa. Mhysa!
Magnificent.
Mm-hmm.
Looks fresh-forged.
It is.
No one's made a Valyrian steel sword since the Doom of Valyria.
There are three living smiths who know how to rework Valyrian steel. The finest of them was in Volantis. Came here to King's Landing at my invitation.
Where did you get this much Valyrian steel?
From someone who no longer had need of it.
You've wanted one of these in the family for a long time.
And now we have two.
Two?
The original weapon was absurdly large. Plenty of steel for two swords.
Well, thank you. It's glorious.
You'll have to train your left hand.
Any decent swordsman knows how to use both hands.
You'll never be as good.
No. But as long as I'm better than everyone else, I suppose it doesn't matter.
You can't serve in the Kingsguard with one hand.
Where's that written? I can and I will. The Kingsguard oath is for life.
The war is over. The king is safe. The king is never safe.
How many people in this city alone would love to see his head on a pike?
Other knights protected the king while you were a prisoner. They will continue to do so when you go home.
Home?
You'll return to Casterly Rock and rule in my stead.
You are the Lord of Casterly Rock.
I am the King's Hand. My place is here. I don't expect to see the Rock again before I die.
You know what they call me? Kingslayer. Oathbreaker. Man without honor. Now you want me to break another sacred vow.
You won't be breaking anything. There is a precedent to relieve a Kingsguard of his duties. The king will exercise that prerogative.
No.
No?
I don't believe I asked you a question.
There's my answer.
If you think your bloody honor comes before...
My bloody honor is beyond repair, but my answer is still no. I don't want Casterly Rock. I don't want a wife. I don't want children.
What do you want?
Supper would be nice.
For 40 years I've tried to teach you. If you haven't learned by now, you never will. Go. If serving as a glorified bodyguard is the sum of your ambition, go serve.
I suppose you want the sword back.
Keep it.
A one-handed man with no family needs all the help he can get.
How many Dornishmen does it take to fuck a goat?
Please don't.
Seems to me the smart place to meet travelers is in a tavern. That way, one party is late, the other party can drink some ale inside.
This is the Prince of Dorne we're waiting for, not one of your sellsword friends.
If he's so damned important, how come they sent you to meet him?
There's bad blood between the Martells of Dorne and the Lannisters of Casterly Rock. Has been for years.
And just in case the Martells of Dorne are looking to spill some Lannister blood, it may as well be yours, eh?
No need for cynicism. I happen to be an accomplished diplomat.
Oh.
Ah, here we are.
Can you read the sigils?
Yellow balls?
Wild lemons on a purple field, House Dalt of Lemonwood. A vulture grasping a baby in it's talons, House Blackmont. A crowned skull, the Manwoodys of Kingsgrave.
Boy knows his Dornish Houses.
I need a sigil.
And House Martell, a red sun pierced by a spear?
I don't see it, my lord.
Well met, my lords. His Grace King Joffrey welcomes you in his name. My lord father, the King's Hand, sends his greetings as well. I am Tyrion Lannister of Casterly Rock, Master of Coin. Forgive me. I don't see Prince Doran in your company.
The prince's health forces him to remain at Sunspear. He sends his brother Prince Oberyn to attend the royal wedding in his stead.
Yes, the king will be delighted to enjoy the company of a warrior as renowned as Prince Oberyn at his wedding feast.
Will he?
And where is Prince Oberyn?
Arrived before dawn. Not a man for welcome parties, our prince.
Very well. My lords, these fine men from the City Watch will escort you to your quarters in the Red Keep.
You must be weary after such a long journey.
Some accomplished diplomacy that was. Now where?
We must find Prince Oberyn before he kills somebody or several somebodies.
How do you plan on finding a single Dornishman in a city this big?
You're famous for fucking half of Westeros. You just arrived at the capital after two weeks of bad roads, where would you go?
I'd probably go to sleep, but I'm getting old.
Look at this one. How lovely is she?
Beautiful. But pale.
They like them pale in the capital. Shows they don't work the fields.
You like?
Timid. Timid bores me.
You're a bit of mischief, aren't you?
I think she likes you. ELLARIA" She has good taste.
You're not timid, are you?
Not timid.
Do you like women?
When they look like her, my lord.
This one will do nicely.
Very good, my lady.
Oh, I'm not a lady.
A term of courtesy in this establishment.
A lie anywhere. Why not use the right words? I'm a bastard. She is a whore. And you're what? A procurer.
Any of the others?
The two girls can leave.
You stay.
I'm afraid I'm not an offer, my lord.
Everyone who works for Littlefinger is an offer. Take off your clothes. We'll be here a while.
My lord.
I am a prince, boy. Have you ever been with a prince?
Can't say I have. I'm wildly expensive.
Take off your clothes.
Which way do you like it?
My way .
And so he spoke and so he spoke That Lord of Castamere. And now the rains
Oberyn.
Weep o'er his hall...
Oberyn, don't.
With no one there to hear Yes, not the rains weep o'er his hall And not a soul to hear.
You lost, friend?
Forgive me for staring. I don't see many Lannisters where I'm from.
I don't see many Dornishmen in the capital.
We don't like the smell.
Come with me, lover.
Gods, look at this one.
Sirs, if you follow me, I'll arrange for a private room.
Why are you wasting a woman like this on a Dornishman? Bring him a shaved goat and a bottle of olive oil.
Do you know why all the world hates a Lannister?
You think your gold and your lions and your gold lions make you better than everyone. May I tell you a secret? You're not a golden lion. You're just a pink little man who is far too slow on the draw.
Longsword is a bad option in close quarters. When I pull my blade, your friend starts bleeding. Quite a lot, I'm afraid. So many veins in the wrist.
He'll live if you get him help straightaway. So, decisions.
Prince Oberyn, forgive the intrusion. We heard there might be...
trouble.
Apologies, my love.
I'm here to welcome you to the capital.
Ellaria Sand, my paramour. The king's own Uncle Imp. Tyrion, son of Tywin Lannister.
If there's anything I can do to make your stay...
What are you? His hired killer?
It started that way, aye. Now I'm a knight.
How did that come to pass?
Killed the right people, I suppose.
We'll need a few more girls. Girls, yes?
Oh, I partook. Now I'm married.
Prince Oberyn, if I may, a word in private?
Seems I visited the Lannister brothel by mistake.
Oh, they take all kinds.
Even Dornishmen.
The king is very grateful that you traveled all this way for his wedding.
Let us speak truth here. Joffrey is insulted. I am only the second son after all.
Well, speaking as a fellow second son, I have grown rather used to being the family insult.
Why did you come to King's Landing, Prince Oberyn?
I was invited to the royal wedding.
I thought we were speaking truth.
The last time I was in the capital was many years ago. Another wedding. My sister Elia and Rhaegar Targaryen, the Last Dragon. My sister loved him. She bore his children. Swaddled them, rocked them, fed them at her own breast. Elia wouldn't let the wet nurse touch them. And beautiful, noble Rhaegar Targaryen left her for another woman. That started a war and the war ended right here when your father's army took the city...
I wasn't actually present.
And butchered those children. My nephew and niece. Carved them up and wrapped them in Lannister cloaks. And my sister, you know what they did to her?
I'm asking you a question.
I've heard rumors.
So have I. The one I keep hearing is that Gregor Clegane the Mountain raped Elia and split her in half with his great sword.
I wasn't there. I don't know what happened.
If the Mountain killed my sister, your father gave the order. Tell your father I'm here. And tell him the Lannisters aren't the only ones who pay their debts.
They're dragons, Khaleesi. They can never be tamed. Not even by their mother.
Ser Barristan.
Your Grace.
Where's Daario Naharis? Where's Grey Worm?
Gambling, Your Grace.
Gambling?
Mhysa. Mhysa. Mhysa...
How long have they been at it?
Since midnight, Your Grace.
Ser Worm is stronger than he looks. But I can see his arms beginning to shake.
What's the prize to winning this stupid contest?
The honor of riding by your side on the road to Meereen.
That honor goes to Ser Jorah and Ser Barristan as neither of them kept me waiting this morning. You two will ride in the rear guard and protect the livestock.
The last man holding his sword can find a new queen to fight for.
You like this girl? Must be frustrating.
You are not a smart man, Daario Naharis.
I'd rather have no brains and two balls.
You need to eat something.
Pigeon pie.
No, thank you.
Lemon cakes?
You love lemon cakes.
Tell her she needs to eat.
My lady, you do need to eat.
I don't need to eat.
If I could have a moment alone with my wife.
She needs to eat.
I can't let you starve.
I swore to protect you.
My lady, I am your husband. Let me help you.
How can you help me?
I don't know, but I can try.
I lie awake all night staring at the canopy thinking about how they died.
I could get you essence of nightshade to help you sleep.
Do you know what they did to my brother? How they sewed his direwolf's head onto his body? And my mother. They say they cut her throat to the bone and threw her body in the river.
What happened to your family was a terrible crime. I didn't know your brother. He seemed like a good man, but I didn't know him. Your mother, on the other hand, I admired her. She wanted to have me executed, but I admired her. She was a strong woman. And she was fierce when it came to protecting her children. Sansa. Your mother would want you to carry on. You know it's true.
Will you pardon me, my lord? I'd like to visit the godswood.
Of course. Of course. Prayer can be helpful, I hear.
I don't pray anymore. It's the only place I can go where people don't talk to me.
My lion.
What are you doing?
What does it look like I'm doing? Come here.
How many times have I told you? You can't visit me here.
I know. I know. We have come to a dangerous place. Have you forgotten me? Do you know how long it's been?
Of course I haven't forgotten.
I want you. Don't you want me?
Things are a bit tense right now.
What things?
My nephew the king wants to murder me. My wife hates me because my father murdered her family. Oberyn Martell wants to murder everyone whose last name is Lannister.
You need to relax.
Don't you want to relax?
What's wrong?
I told you. It's not a good time.
It's never a good time. You have your child bride now.
Shae.
Do you love her?
Love her? I barely know her. She's a child. She despises me.
That's not an answer.
Of course I don't love her.
You tried to ship me away.
Ship you away?
Give me diamonds and make me disappear.
What in the world are you talking about?
If you want me to leave, just say it. Say it!
Shh. I don't know what you're talking about.
You want me to stay?
A work of art, really. The craftsmanship is excellent.
You like it so much, you're welcome to chop off your own hand and take it.
Such an ingrate. I spent days with the goldsmith - getting the details just right.
Days?
Better part of an afternoon. There, how does that feel?
Uh... a hook would be more practical.
Elegant, I think.
Thank you for your help with the other matter.
The symptoms have abated?
Gone completely. I am in your debt, Maester Qyburn.
Not a maester, Your Grace, but happy to help whenever I can.
Odd little man.
I've grown rather fond of him. He's quite talented, you know?
What symptoms?
Symptoms that are not your concern.
You let him touch you?
You jealous?
I'm surprised. You never let Pycelle near you.
You think I'd let that old lecher put his hands on me? He smells like a dead cat.
I'm not sure I've ever smelled a dead cat.
Well, they smell like Pycelle.
You drink more than you used to.
Yes.
Why?
Let's see, you started a brawl in the streets with Ned Stark and disappeared from the capital. My husband died in a tragic hunting accident.
It must have been traumatic for you.
My only daughter was shipped off to Dorne. We suffered through a siege.
A rather short siege.
A rather short siege that I didn't expect to survive. And now I'm marrying my eldest son to a wicked little bitch from Highgarden while I'm supposed to marry her brother, a renowned pillow biter. So...
Father disowned me today.
He can't disown you. You're all he's got.
You're forgetting Tyrion.
You don't really plan on staying in the Kingsguard, do you?
Staying in the Kingsguard means I live right here in the Red Keep with you.
Not now.
I want... Not now? When? I've been back for weeks.
Something's changed.
Everything's changed. You come back after all this time with no apologies and one hand and expect everything to be the same?
What do you want me to apologize for?
For leaving me.
You think I wanted to be taken prisoner?
Don't know what you wanted. You weren't here. You left me alone.
Every day I was a prisoner, I plotted my escape. Every day. I murdered people so I could be here with you.
You took too long.
I... What are you saying?
I'm saying you took too long.
Come in.
Go away.
Forgive me, Your Grace. You told me to come at once if there was anything important.
You plan on killing all the crows yourself?
Do you plan on sitting here scratching your balls till winter?
We wait for Mance's orders.
You sent a man over the Wall at the full moon. If he's not back yet, he's not coming back.
And what is it you want? March on Castle Black with just this lot? Your pretty crow said 1,000 men are nesting there.
Yeah, well, he's a liar.
He is? Shouldn't it be "he was"? You said you put three arrows in him.
I did.
I've seen you slip a shaft through a rabbit's eye at 200 yards. If that boy's still walking, it's 'cause you let him go.
Thenns. I fucking hate Thenns.
Mance sent you?
How did you find us?
You came from the south, not the north.
Took a detour. Got some supper from a village down that way.
Why does the meat down here taste so much better than it does on our side of the Wall?
Help yourself.
Maybe everything's just better fed down here.
Fat and lazy. Easier for us, hmm?
You didn't see us coming? Lost your warg? And that baby crow you had with you, lost him too?
I'll answer to Mance. I won't answer to you.
She yours?
I'm not anybody's.
Too scrawny. Not like those crows at Castle Black.
Think of them stuck in their larders stuffing their faces with ham and blood sausage and stew, getting nice and fat and marbled.
I know we've had our differences, Tormund, but just one time before you die, you really ought to try crow.
Draw. Loose.
Last time I saw him, he was in the courtyard at Winterfell. "He said, " Next time I see you, you'll be all in black." I was jealous of Robb my whole life. The way my father looked at him, I wanted that. He was better than me at everything... fighting and hunting and riding and girls. Gods, the girls loved him. I wanted to hate him, but I never could.
Sometimes I want to hate you.
Well, you're better than me at everything. Except reading.
They're... they're ready for you.
He's wanted to hang me for a while. Now's his chance.
No one's going to hang you. You've done nothing wrong.
I've done plenty wrong.
So you admit you murdered Qhorin Halfhand?
I didn't murder him.
No? You put your sword through a brother of the Night's Watch. What do you call that?
He wanted me to kill him.
A bastard son of a traitor. What would you expect?
The Halfhand believed our only chance to stop Mance was to get a man inside his army.
Don't talk about the Halfhand as if you knew him. He was my brother.
Then you'd know he'd do anything to defend the Wall. The free folk would have boiled him alive, but letting me kill him...
The free folk? Listen to him. He even talks like a wildling now.
Aye, I talk like a wildling. I ate with the wildlings. I climbed the Wall with the wildlings. I... I laid with a wildling girl.
You admit to breaking your vows, then?
I do.
The law is the law. The boy must die.
If we beheaded every ranger who lay with a girl, the Wall would be manned by headless men.
There's a difference between sneaking off to the Mole's Town brothel and sleeping with the enemy.
While we sit here debating which rules I broke, Mance Rayder marches on the Wall with an army of 100,000.
Impossible. You can't get 50 wildlings together before they start killing each other.
100,000. He's united the Thenns, the Hornfoots, the ice-river clans. He has giants fighting for him.
Giants?
Have you ever been beyond the Wall, ser?
I commanded the City Watch of King's Landing, boy.
And now you're here. You must not have been very good at your job.
How dare you?!
There's a band of wildlings south of the Wall already led by Tormund Giantsbane. I killed their warg and three others. They shot me full of arrows. Their orders are to attack Castle Black from the south when Mance hits it from the north. The signal for the attack will be a bonfire. Mance said it would be the greatest fire the North has ever seen. That's the truth. All the truth.
Do you intend to execute me or am I free to go?
None of us are free. We are men of the Night's Watch. But we won't be taking your head today, Jon Snow. Go on.
I am acting commander here, Maester Aemon.
Yes, you are.
And I don't trust the bastard.
He told the truth.
And you always know when a man's telling a lie? How did you acquire this magical power?
I grew up in King's Landing.
No. No. You're a queen, not an ox.
Your grandfather gave me a necklace just like this one for my 51st nameday.
The wedding is in a fortnight, Grandmother. You can't say no to everything.
Nonsense.
My little dears. Go and speak to the jewelers of King's Landing. Tell them who you are, tell them who sent you. The one who brings me the best necklace will get to keep the next best.
The Margaery Tyrell who walks into the sept a fortnight from now will inspire 1,000 songs. Now, how sad it will be if she's wearing rubbish like that.
Perhaps I should just let Joffrey choose it for me. End up with a string of dead sparrow heads around my neck.
You watch that. Even here, even with me.
My word.
My lady. My lady. Please pardon me for interrupting. My name is Brienne of Tarth.
We know who you are. We've heard all about you. But hearing is one thing. Aren't you just marvelous? Absolutely singular.
I hear you knocked my grandson into the dirt like the silly little boy he is.
My lady, I know this is a very busy time for you, but if I could just have a moment.
You dare not refuse.
A shadow?
A shadow with the face of Stannis Baratheon. I swear to you by all the gods it was Stannis. He plunged his sword through Renly's heart and disappeared. One day, my lady, I will avenge our king.
Joffrey is our king now.
I meant no offense.
And you've given none.
All the Kingsguard will be on duty, of course. Ser Boros will be stationed here. Ser Preston will be stationed here beside the primary entertainment. Your Grace?
Yes, yes, one guard at the... the thing. Go on.
Ser Meryn will guard Lady Margaery and Tommen.
I've always guarded the king himself, my lord. Ever since your absence.
And I thank you for it, Ser Meryn. All very good. I don't expect any trouble.
The people love their king. They know who keeps them fed.
Margaery Tyrell, I've heard.
By my leave. They know I saved the city. They know I won the war.
The war's not won. Not while Stannis lives.
I broke Stannis on the Blackwater. Pity you weren't there to help, Uncle.
My apologies, Your Grace. I was rather busy.
Busy getting captured.
So this is the famous "Book of Brothers"? All the great deeds of all the great Kingsguard. Ser Arthur Dayne. The Sword of the Morning. Led the attack on the Kingswood Brotherhood. Defeated the Smiling Knight in single combat. Ser Duncan the Tall. Four pages for Ser Duncan. He must have been quite a man.
So they say.
Ser Jaime Lannister.
Someone forgot to write down all your great deeds.
There's still time.
Is there? For a 40-year-old knight with one hand? How can you protect me with that?
I use my left hand now, Your Grace. Makes for more of a contest.
Have you ever been to Meereen?
Several times, Your Grace, with Master Kraznys.
And?
They say 1,000 slaves died building the Great Pyramid of Meereen.
And now an army of former slaves is marching to her gates. You think the Great Masters are worried?
If they're smart, Your Grace.
You were told to ride at the back of the train.
Yes, my queen. But I need to speak to you about something important. A matter of strategy.
Your Grace.
All right, what is this matter of strategy?
A dusk rose.
Would you like to walk at the back of the train instead of riding?
And this one's called lady's lace.
Would you like to walk without shoes?
You have to know a land to rule it. It's plants, it's rivers, it's roads, it's people. Dusk rose tea eases fever. Everyone in Meereen knows that. Especially the slaves who have to make the tea. If you want them to follow you, you have to become a part of their world. Strategy.
Harpy's Gold. No tea from this one. Beautiful but poisonous.
You are a gambler, aren't you?
Your Grace.
There's one on every mile marker between here and Meereen.
How many miles are there between here and Meereen?
163, Your Grace. I'll tell our men to ride ahead and bury them. You don't need to see this.
You will do no such thing. I will see each and every one of their faces. Remove her collar before you bury her.
There she is.
Yes, there she is.
And? You made a promise.
To return the Stark girls to their mother who is now dead.
To keep them safe.
Well, Arya Stark hasn't been seen since her father was killed. Where do you think she is? My money's on dead. There's a certain safety in death, wouldn't you say? And Sansa Stark is now Sansa Lannister. Bit of a complication.
A complication does not release you from a vow.
What do you want me to do? Kidnap my sister-in-law? And take her where? Where would she be safer than here?
Look me in the eye and tell me that you think she'll be safe in King's Landing.
Are you sure we're not related? Ever since I've returned, every Lannister I've seen has been a miserable pain in my ass. Maybe you're a Lannister, too. You've got the hair for it if not the looks.
It's all right. It's all right. It's all right.
You're drunk.
Yes. I have good reason to be. Once I was a knight. Now I'm only a fool. Don't you know me?
Ser Dontos. The king's nameday celebration. I'm sorry. I should have remembered.
I can't accept your apology. I may be a fool, but I'm a living fool, thanks to you.
Anyone would have done the same.
But only you did. I can never repay you. You gave me my life. But this, this is worth more than my life.
It belonged to my mother and her mother before her. House Hollard was strong once. House on the rise. That's all that's left of those days, thanks to a few sad, fat drunks like me.
I can't take it. It's very, very kind of you, but I can't.
I don't have anything else left. That's all. Take it. Wear it. Let my name have one more moment in the sun before it disappears from the world.
I'll wear it with pride, Ser Dontos.
Yeah.
When am I going to get a horse of my own?
The little lady wants a pony.
The little lady wants away from your stench.
Horses aren't easy to come by. Even if they were, you think I'm gonna put you on your own horse? Watch the only thing of value I've got in the world ride away?
Why don't you have any money? Didn't you steal anything from Joffrey before you left?
No.
You're not very smart, are you?
I'm not a thief.
You're fine with murdering little boys, but thieving is beneath you?
A man's got to have a code.
You think I'm gonna escape? Where would I go? I'd be dead by nightfall without you. My family's gone. I've got no one.
You've got an aunt in the Vale. Your rich Aunt Lysa. After I sell you to her, maybe she'll have enough left over to buy you that pony you want so much.
I'm hungry. You're hungry.
Five horses, five men. More than I feel like killing on an empty stomach.
I know him. The small one. His name is Polliver. He captured us and took us to Harrenhal.
He killed Lommy.
What the fuck's a Lommy?
He was my friend. Polliver stole my sword and put it right through his neck. He's still got it.
Got what?
My sword Needle.
Needle? Of course you named your sword.
Lots of people name their swords.
Lots of cunts.
What are you... get back here.
My brother gave me that sword.
Get back here.
He killed my friend.
I don't care if he ate your friend. We're not going in there.
Come on, give it up.
Come here.
Let's have a feel there.
Leave it.
Please, she's a good girl.
Shut your mouth and pour us more ale and we may not take her with us when we're done with her.
I know you.
You're the Hound.
Pour our new friend some ale. What brings you so far north?
I could ask the same of you. What are you doing up here?
Just keeping the king's peace.
No need. The war's over.
So I've heard. Stannis defeated at the Blackwater. Robb Stark killed at the Twins. And where am I for all of it? Stuck with your brother. Meaning no offense.
None taken.
He's good, the Mountain is. Best at what he does. But torture, torture, torture, torture. You spend enough time putting the hammer to people, you start to feel like a carpenter making chairs. Drains the fun right out of it. And what's life without a little fun?
But I don't need to tell you that, eh?
She's all right. I've had better.
You know what? You should come with us. His kind, they've always got something hidden away somewhere. Gold, silver, more daughters. Always something if you know how to make them talk. And there's plenty of him between here and King's Landing. You could do well for yourself. We certainly have been.
I'm not going to King's Landing.
Think about it. We could do whatever we like wherever we go. These are the king's colors. No one's standing in his way now. Which means no one's standing in ours.
Fuck the king.
When I heard that Joffrey's dog had tucked tail and run from the Battle of the Blackwater, I didn't believe it. But here you are.
Here I am. Bring me one of those chickens.
You got money to pay for it?
You paid for it?
No. But we're the king's men. So, you got money?
Not a penny.
I'll still take that chicken.
Tell you what. We'll trade you. One of our little chickens for one of yours. Give us a go at your friend. Lowell there likes them a bit broken in.
You're a talker. Listening to talkers makes me thirsty.
Ah. And hungry. Think I'll take two chickens.
You don't seem to understand the situation.
I understand that if any more words come pouring out of your cunt mouth, I'm gonna have to eat every fucking chicken in this room.
You lived your life for the king. You're gonna die for some chickens?
Someone is.
Something wrong with your leg, boy?
What? What do you mean?
Can you walk? I've got to carry you?
Carry me?
Fine little blade.
Maybe I'll pick my teeth with it.
Tansy! Tansy! Tansy!
Tansy! Tansy!
There you are.
I can't see her, Ramsay.
Tansy!
If you make it out of the woods, you win! Run, Tansy, run!
Tansy.
Where is she?
Tansy, Tansy, Tansy!
Good girls. Down, girls. Down. Well done. You, too.
I only wounded her.
You brought her down. That's what matters. A fine shot. Wasn't it, Reek?
A fine shot, master. My lady.
Please, my lord. It hurts.
Oh, sweet. Don't cry. It will be over soon.
She thinks she's pretty. Let me put one through her face.
We have to reward the hounds, love. They did all the hard work.
Why? I did whatever you asked.
But you made Myranda feel jealous.
Me jealous of her?
My lord, please.
You can see that your presence has become a bit of a problem.
Rip her! Rip her! Rip her!
Not so pretty now.
Your new hand, it's nicer than the old one. Wouldn't you agree, Pod?
Is it solid gold?
Gilded steel.
You're not eating. Why is no one eating? My wife wastes away and my brother starves himself.
I'm not hungry.
You lost a hand, not a stomach. Try the boar. Cersei can't get enough of it since one killed Robert for her.
A toast. To the proud Lannister children. The dwarf, the cripple, and the mother of madness.
Oh!
I'll clean it up.
No, I'll do it. Leave us.
It's only wine.
I can't fight anymore.
What about your left?
I can hold a sword, but all my instincts are wrong. How can I protect the king when I can hardly wipe my own ass?
You're the Lord Commander now. Command. Let others do the fighting. When was the last time Father used a sword?
I'm not Father. I'm the Kingslayer. When people find out I can't slay a pigeon...
Train, then. Learn to fight with your other hand.
With whom? You? Men talk. Soon as someone discovers I can't fight, he'll tell everyone.
You need a proper, discreet swordsman. As it happens, I have just the one.
My brother tells me you can keep your mouth shut. Unusual talent for a sellsword.
He tells me you shit gold just like your father.
Is this place safe?
There's this knight, Leygood, got thunderbolts on his shield.
Uh-huh.
Right here is where I fuck his wife. She's a screamer, that one. If they don't hear her, they won't hear us.
I've never seen Valyrian steel before. She's a beauty. The problem is, if you fight with an edged blade, I'll have to.
And if I fight with an edged blade, I'll have no one left to pay me.
I haven't used a sparring sword since I was nine.
Ah! Bold warrior you are, attacking a man when his guardo s down.
Best time to attack a man.
Mind yourself. JAIME
Plan on growing it back?
Come on, then.
Open the gates!
Riders coming in! Let's get these horses seen to!
Father. Welcome home.
Walda, this is Ramsay Snow, my bastard.
A pleasure, Mother.
Hello.
See that the horses are fed, watered, and rubbed down. And take Lady Walda to her chambers.
This way, my lady.
Where is your prize?
With the hounds. I'll have a look at him.
I hear you took a hand from the Kingslayer.
Word travels. How he screamed. You would have loved it.
Father.
What did you do to him?
I trained him. He was a slow learner, but he learned.
You flayed him.
Peeled a few bits. Removed a few others.
This was Balon Greyjoy's son and heir.
We've been flaying our enemies for a thousand years. The flayed man is on our banners.
My banners, not yours. You're not a Bolton. You're a Snow. Tywin Lannister has given me the North. But he won't lift a finger to help me take it. As long as the Ironborn hold Moat Cailin, our armies are trapped south of the Neck. Theon was a valuable hostage, not your plaything. I wanted to trade him for Moat Cailin.
I already asked. Lord Greyjoy refused. Savages have no-
You sent terms to Balon Greyjoy without my consent?
You made me acting Lord of the Dreadfort. I acted.
I had to smuggle myself into my own lands thanks to the Greyjoys. I needed Theon. I needed him whole.
Theon was our enemy. But Reek, Reek will never betray us.
I placed far too much trust in you.
Reek, how could you let me stand before my father unshaven? It's disrespectful.
I'm sorry, my lord.
Give him the razor.
If I'm not a Bolton, Father, what does it matter?
Go on, Reek. A nice close shave.
Reek, tell Father where are Bran and Rickon Stark?
I don't know, my lord.
You murdered them and displayed their corpses at Winterfell.
Reek, did you murder the Stark boys?
No, my lord. Just two farm boys.
And crisped them so no one would know.
Yes, my lord.
The Starks have always ruled the North. If Bran and Rickon are alive, the country will rally to their side now that Robb Stark is gone.
Oh, that's right, Reek. Robb Stark is dead. Sorry. I know he was like a brother to you. But my father put a knife through his heart. How do you feel about that?
You ready for a hunt?
Always. Find those boys and I'll give you a thousand acres and a holdfast.
Your pet rat have any thoughts on which way they went after Winterfell?
Jon Snow is at Castle Black.
Who the fuck is Jon Snow?
Their bastard brother. He could be sheltering them. He may know where they are.
Even if he doesn't, he's half Stark himself. Could be a threat.
You want to prove yourself a Bolton? Gather whatever men you can and ride for Moat Cailin. Bring this creature of yours. Maybe he'll be of some use. Take the Moat for the family, for our family, and I'll reconsider your position.
Lord Varys. Breakfasting with the king?
I'm afraid foreigners aren't welcome at such exclusive affairs.
Oh, to be foreign.
Ahem.
Shae has been noticed. Sansa's maid saw you with her. She already told your sister. It's only a matter of time before your father hears.
So I'm guilty of being seen with my own wife's handmaiden. My father will ask you if there's anything more and you'll tell him some clever lie.
No, I will not. How long do you imagine your father and sister would let me live if they suspected me of lying? I have no pet sellsword to protect me. No legendary brother to avenge me. Only little birds who whisper in my ear.
Forgive me if I don't weep for you.
No one weeps for spiders or whores. I have friends across the sea who could help her.
She won't leave. I've told her this is a dangerous place so many times, she no longer believes it.
Your father has promised to hang the next whore he finds you with. Have you ever known your father to make an idle threat?
From House Tyrell and the people of the Reach, Your Grace, it is my honor to present you with this wedding cup.
May you and my daughter Margaery drink deep and live long.
A handsome goblet, my lord. Or shall I call you Father?
I shall be honored, Your Grace.
She's the whore I told you about. The dark-haired one.
Have her brought to the Tower of the Hand before the wedding.
A book?
The Lives of Four Kings." Grand Maester Kaeth's history of the reigns of Daeron the Young Dragon, Baelor the Blessed, Aegon the Unworthy, and Daeron the Good. A book every king should read.
Now that the war is won, we should all find time for wisdom. Thank you, Uncle.
One of only two Valyrian steel swords in the capital, Your Grace, freshly forged in your honor.
Careful, Your Grace. Nothing cuts like Valyrian steel.
So they say.
Such a great sword should have a name. What shall I call her?
Stormbringer.
Terminus.
Widow's Wail.
Wolfsbane.
Widow's Wail. I like that. Every time I use it, it'll be like cutting off Ned Stark's head all over again.
Don't.
You want me on the desk? What's wrong, my lion?
Don't call me that.
What should I call you?
I'm afraid our friendship can't continue.
Our friendship?
There's a ship waiting in the harbor bound for Pentos.
What?
You'll have your own cabin, of course, and, across the Narrow Sea, a house, servants.
What is this?
I'm a married man. My wife has suffered a great deal, as you well know. I don't want her to suffer anymore on my account. I need to uphold my vows.
She doesn't want you.
I need to do right by her.
You don't want her.
By our children.
What are you afraid of?
I'm not afraid.
You are. You are afraid of your father and your sister. You're going to run from them all your life?
I need you to leave.
I'm not afraid of them. I'm not going to run.
Shae.
We will fight them together. It's like you said, I am yours and you are mine.
You're a whore! Sansa is fit to bear my children and you are not. I can't be in love with a whore. I can't have children with a whore. How many men have you been with? Five hundred? Five thousand?
How many whores have you been with?
I have enjoyed my time with all of them and I have enjoyed my time with you most of all. But now that time is over.
You'll have a comfortable life in Pentos. Bronn will escort you to your ship.
Hear us now. Accept these tokens of our faith, my lord, and lead us from the darkness.
Sire, I served you well.
Lord of Light, show us the way...
Selyse, you're my sister!
Yours are the stars that guide us.
Tell him! Tell him!
Lord of Light, protect us, for the night is dark and full of terrors.
Did you see? Their souls. It was their souls. Our lord took them. Did you see?
Lord Florent was your brother by law.
He was an infidel.
He worshipped the gods of his fathers and their fathers before him. They were the gods of your fathers, too.
I ordered him to tear down his idols. He disobeyed.
How many ships did he bring to your 'cause? How many men?
A good deal more than you.
Did you see, Ser Davos? They're with our lord now. Their sins all burned away. Did you see?
I'm sure they're more than grateful, my queen.
Meat's off.
Our larders are almost empty.
Serve fish, then. We're on an island.
You hate fish.
I hate a good many things, but I suffer them all the same.
When Storm's End was under siege and I was starving, Stannis boiled soup for me from books. The binding glue is made from horses. One morning, he shot two seagulls on the beach. I've never tasted anything as good as grilled seagull. Do you remember?
Of course I remember.
Have you ever known true hunger, my lady?
It's all I knew when I was a child.
Until you found the Lord of Light?
Until he found me.
I fear for our daughter's soul.
Every mother should fear for her childo s soul.
She's a stubborn little beast.
She's a child.
You barely know her. You think she's sweet because she smiles when you visit. She's sullen and stubborn and sinful. Why else would the Lord of Light have seen fit to mark her face? She needs the rod.
She's my daughter. You will not strike her.
As you command. Perhaps the Lady Melisandre could speak with her.
Come in.
Were you sleeping, Princess?
Did you watch the ceremony on the beach?
I heard it.
And it frightened you?
Ser Axell was my uncle. He was always kind to me.
They're in a better place now, Princess. The fire cleansed them of the sins of the world.
But they screamed.
Women scream when they give birth. Afterward they are filled with joy.
Afterward they aren't ash and bone.
You have so many questions, don't you? So did I when I was a child. I was much like you. Only I wasn't a princess.
And you didn't have this.
No. But I suffered in other ways, sweet girl, believe me. What do you know of the gods?
I read "The Seven-Pointed Star."
Lies and fables. Septons speak of seven gods. There are but two... a god of light and love and joy and a god of darkness, evil, and fear. Eternally at war.
There are no seven heavens and no seven hells?
There's only one hell, Princess. The one we live in now.
Hodor.
Why did you wake me?
You've been gone for hours.
I was hungry.
We're all hungry.
I was just eating.
Summer was eating. Your body can't live on the food your wolf consumes. Spending too much time in Summer's skin is dangerous. You're not a direwolf, Bran.
Must be glorious, though. To run, to leap, to hunt. To be whole. I know that's tempting, but if you're trapped in Summer for too long, you'll forget what it was to be human.
You'd forget us, Bran. You'd forget your mother and father. You'd forget your brothers and sisters. You'd forget Winterfell. You'd forget you. And if we lose you, we lose everything.
Hodor, take me to the tree.
Look for me... beneath the tree.
He saw us.
North.
I know where we have to go.
Let it be known that Margaery of House Tyrell and Joffrey of the Houses Lannister and Baratheon are one heart, one flesh, one soul. Cursed be he who would seek to tear them asunder.
With this kiss, I pledge my love.
We have a new queen.
Better her than you.
Bit much, wouldn't you say?
It feels proportionate.
Proportionate to what?
The expected extravagance.
People who spend their money on this sort of nonsense tend not to have it for long.
You ought to try enjoying something before you die. You might find it suits you.
Not now, Mace. Lord Tywin and I are speaking.
Anyway, I don't know what you're complaining about. I'm paying my share.
Shall we stick golden roses in half the meat pies to commemorate your generosity?
No, your heartfelt thank you is its own reward. I would imagine I'd be hearing it again before long. Wars are rather expensive. "The Iron Bank will have it's due." How they love to remind everyone. Almost as much as you Lannisters with your debts.
I'm not worried about the Iron Bank.
We both know you're smarter than that. Come, Tywin, let us celebrate young love.
All taken care of.
You saw her board the ship?
Aye, she's on it.
You saw the ship sail away?
No one knows she's there but you, me, and Varys.
How do you know?
Because if someone follows me without an invitation, I'm the last person they ever follow.
There's someone following you?
She's gone. I know you don't want to believe it, but she is. Now, go drink till it feels like you did the right thing.
Hello.
Hello.
Not you.
You look exquisite, child. The wind has been at you, though. I haven't had the opportunity to tell you how sorry I was to hear about your brother. War is war, but killing a man at a wedding, horrid. What sort of monster would do such a thing? As if men need more reasons to fear marriage.
My lady. My lady.
Lord Tyrion, you see? Not as bad as all that. Perhaps if your pauper husband were to sell his mule and his last pair of shoes, he might be able to afford to bring you to Highgarden for a visit. Now that peace has come and all is right with the world, it would do you good to see some of it. You must excuse me. It's time I ate some of this food I paid for.
A coat of gold / Or a coat of red / A lion still has claws And mine, my lord...
Very good. Very good. Off you go.
My love, why don't we make the announcement?
Everyone. The queen would like to say a few words.
We are so fortunate to enjoy this marvelous food and drink. Not all among us are so lucky. To thank the gods for bringing the recent war to a just end, King Joffrey has decreed that the leftovers from our feast be given to the poorest in his city.
You're an example to us all.
Ser Jaime, I'm very sorry.
Ser Loras, it's quite all right. Your sister looks very beautiful.
As does yours.
So, looking forward to your wedding?
Yes, very much.
Our fathers are both rather keen on the prospect.
They certainly are.
Perhaps they should get married. If you were to marry Cersei, she'd murder you in your sleep. If you somehow managed to put a child in her first, she'd murder him, too, long before he drew his first breath. Luckily for you, none of this will happen because you'll never marry her.
And neither will you.
Your Grace. My king. My queen.
Lady Brienne. So good of you to come.
I'm no lady, Your Grace.
Did you just bow?
Apologies, Your Grace. I never did master the curtsy.
You're the one who put a sword through Renly Baratheon.
That's not true, my love. Brienne had nothing to do with it.
A shame. I'd knight the man that put an end to that deviant's life.
I just wanted to congratulate you both and wish you good fortune. The country has been at war too long. I hope your reign is long and peaceful.
Yes, yes.
Thank you. I hope we see more of you.
Lady Brienne. You're Lord Selwyn Tarth's daughter. That makes you a lady whether you want to be or not.
As you say, Your Grace.
I owe you my gratitude. You returned my brother safely to King's Landing.
In truth, he rescued me, Your Grace. More than once.
Did he? Haven't heard that story before.
Not such a fascinating story, I'm afraid.
I'm sure you have many fascinating stories. Sworn to Renly Baratheon. Sworn to Catelyn Stark. And now my brother. Must be exciting to flit from one camp to the next serving whichever lord or lady you fancy.
I don't serve your brother, Your Grace.
But you love him.
Your Grace.
No, no, come to my chambers and I will examine you personally.
She'll do no such thing.
Oh, Your Grace. Yes, well, this young lady sought my advice...
You should see Qyburn. He's quite good.
Your Grace.
Qyburn? Deplorable man. Brought shame on the Citadel with his repugnant experiments.
More repugnant than your gnarled fingers on that girl's thighs?
Your Grace, I am a man of learning.
My little brother had you sent to the Black Cells when you annoyed him. What do you think I could do to you if you annoyed me?
I never meant to annoy anyone.
But you are. You annoy me right now. Every breath you draw in my presence annoys me. So here's what I want you to do. I want you to leave my presence. Leave this wedding right now. Go to the kitchens and instruct them that all the leftovers from the feast will be brought to the kennels.
Your Grace, Queen Margaery-
The queen is telling you the leftovers will feed the dogs or you will.
A gold dragon to whoever knocks my fool's hat off.
You're in rather a good mood.
I suppose I am.
I won't ask why.
Small pleasures.
Your Grace. Lord Tywin.
Prince Oberyn.
I don't believe you have met Ellaria. This is the Lord Hand Tywin Lannister and Cersei Lannister, the Queen Regent. I suppose it is former Queen Regent now. Lord Hand and Lady Cersei, Ellaria Sand.
My lord. My lady.
Charmed.
Can't say I've ever met a Sand before.
We are everywhere in Dorne. I have 10,000 brothers and sisters.
Bastards are born of passion, aren't they? We don't despise them in Dorne.
No? How tolerant of you.
I expect it is a relief, Lady Cersei, giving up your regal responsibilities. Wearing the crown for so many years must have left your neck a bit crooked.
I suppose you'll never know, Prince Oberyn. It's a shame your older brother couldn't attend the wedding.
Please give him our regards. With any luck, the gout will abate with time and he will be able to walk again.
They call it the rich man's disease. A wonder you don't have it.
Noblemen in my part of the country don't enjoy the same lifestyle as our counterparts in Dorne.
People everywhere have their differences. In some places, the highborn frown upon those of low birth. In other places, the rape and murder of women and children is considered distasteful. What a fortunate thing for you, former Queen Regent, that your daughter Myrcella has been sent to live in the latter sort of place.
Everyone, silence! Clear the floor. There's been too much amusement here today. A royal wedding is not an amusement. A royal wedding is history. The time has come for all of us to contemplate our history. My lords... my ladies...
I give you. King Joffrey... Renly, Stannis, Robb Stark, Balon Greyjoy. The War of the Five Kings.
I'm the rightful king.
King in the North!
Yes!
Traitor. You're a traitor.
For the Seven Kingdoms!
Let the war begin.
Renly, you're no king.
Away, degenerate. Away. Away.
Ooh, careful.
Go on.
I want you to be my prince. Stannis!
Who's got the gold now, Stark?
I am the rightful king.
Challenge me, ruffian.
Take that.
I'm drowning. I'm drowning.
I am the King in the North!
Not wildfire!
Pay each of them 20 gold when this is done.
Yes, my lord.
We'll have to find another way to thank the king.
Charge!
Ready, again.
I am the King in the North! - Charge!
Charge! Yes!
Your head!
Fine gentlemen.
Well fought. Well fought. Here you are. Champion's purse. Though you're not the champion yet, are you? A true champion defeats all the challengers. Surely there are others out there who still dare to challenge my reign. Uncle. How about you? I'm sure they have a spare costume.
One taste of combat was enough for me, Your Grace. I would like to keep what remains of my face. I think you should fight him. This was but a poor imitation of your own bravery on the field of battle. I speak as a firsthand witness. Climb down from the high table with your new Valyrian sword and show everyone how a true king wins his throne. Be careful, though. This one is clearly mad with lust. It would be a tragedy for the king to lose his virtue hours before his wedding night.
A fine vintage. Shame that it spilled.
It did not spill.
My love, come back to me. It's time for my father's toast.
Well, how does he expect me to toast without wine? Uncle, you can be my cup-bearer seeing as you're too cowardly to fight.
Your Grace does me a great honor.
It's not meant as an honor.
Bring me my goblet.
What good is an empty cup? Fill it.
Kneel. Kneel before your king.
Kneel. I said... kneel!
Look, the pie.
My queen.
Wonderful. Wonderful. My hero.
Can we leave now?
Let's find out.
Uncle. Where are you going? You're my cup-bearer, remember?
I thought I might change out of these wet clothes, Your Grace.
No, no, no. No, you're perfect the way you are. Serve me my wine.
Well, hurry up. This pie is dry.
Mm, good. Needs washing down.
If it please Your Grace, Lady Sansa is very tired.
No. No, you'll wait here... un...
Your Grace?
It's nothing.
He's choking!
Help the poor boy.
Idiots, help your king.
Move away!
Joffrey! Joffrey!
Help him! Someone help him!
Joffrey!
Come with me now.
Joffrey! Joffrey!
If you want to live, we have to leave.
Don't touch him!
Joffrey. Please, Joffrey. Joffrey, what is it? Help him!
My son.
He's gone. Our king is gone.
He did this. He poisoned my son, your king. Take him. Take him! Take him! Take him!
You did this. You did this!
We have to leave.
Take him! Take him!
Where is his wife? Where's Sansa?
Find her. Bar the gates of the city. Seize every ship in the harbor.
Where is she?!
No one leaves the capital! No one!
Get in.
Where are we going?
Somewhere safe.
Up you go, my lady. You'll be fine. You're stronger than you know.
Lord Baelish?
Petyr... Are you hurt, my lady?
Good. Good. I'm sure you've had quite a fright. Rest easy. The worst is past. Ser Dontos shouts up from his boat.
Lord Baelish. I promised I'd get her to you safely.
Softly, my friend... Voices carry over water.
I should get back before someone thinks to look for me. LITTLEFINGER First you'll want your pay. 10,000 was it?
10000
Wait!
Shh. You don't want the queen to hear, do you? 1,000 gold cloaks are searching for you. And if they found you, how do you think they would punish the girl who murdered the king?
I didn't murder anyone.
I know. I know. But you must admit it looks suspicious. The king who executed your father, who tormented you for years, and you fled the scene of his murder.
Why did you kill him?
Because he was a drunk and a fool and I don't trust drunk fools.
He saved me.
Saved you? My lady, he followed my orders. Every one of them. And he did it all for gold. Money buys a man's silence for a time. A bolt in the heart buys it forever.
He was helping me because I saved his life.
Yes, and he gave you a priceless necklace that once belonged to his grandmother. The last legacy of House Hollard.
I had it made a few weeks ago. What did I once tell you about the capital?
We're all liars here.
Come, my lady. I know you've had a difficult day. But you're safe now. I promise you that. You're safe with me and sailing home.
So am I the queen?
More than you were with Renly. Less than you would have been if Joffrey had done you the courtesy of consummating the marriage before dying. In any case, this would not be an opportune moment to press the issue.
Clawing at his own throat, looking to his mother to make stop... it was horrible.
The world is overflowing with horrible things. But they're all a tray of cakes next to death. They brought me your grandfather's body when he died, you know? Made me look at it.
What was it like?
They took me to the Great Hall and there he was. The man I'd married and suffered to father my children. A great doughy lump I'd sat next to at endless dinners and tedious gatherings. There he was... lying on a table.
One of my husbands preferred the company of men and was stabbed through the heart. Another was happiest torturing animals and was poisoned at our wedding feast... I must be cursed.
Nonsense. Your circumstances have improved markedly. You may not have enjoyed watching him die, but you enjoyed it more than you would have enjoyed being married to him, I can promise you that.
But I would have been the queen.
Our alliance with the Lannisters remains every bit as necessary to them as it is unpleasant for us. You did wonderful work on Joffrey. The next one should be easier.
Your brother is dead. Do you know what that means?
I'm not trying to trick you.
It means I'll become king.
Yes, you will become king. What kind of king do you think you'll be?
A good king?
Mm, I think so as well. You've got the right temperament for it. But what makes a good king? Hmm? What is a good king's single most important quality?
This is hardly the place or the time.
Holiness?
Hmm. Baelor the Blessed was holy. And pious. He built this sept. He also named a six-year-old boy high septon because he thought the boy could work miracles. He ended up fasting himself into an early grave because food was of this world and this world was sinful.
Justice.
Yeah. A good king must be just. Orys I was just. Everyone applauded his reforms. Nobles and commoners alike. But he wasn't just for long. He was murdered in his sleep after less than a year by his own brother. Was that truly just of him? To abandon his subjects to an evil that he was too gullible to recognize?
No.
No.
What about strength?
Yes. Strength. King Robert was strong. He won the rebellion and crushed the Targaryen dynasty. And he attended three small council meetings in 17 years. He spent his time whoring and hunting and drinking until the last two killed him. So, we have a man who starves himself to death, a man who lets his own brother murder him, and a man who thinks that winning and ruling are the same thing. What do they all lack?
Wisdom.
Yes!
Wisdom is what makes a good king.
Yes. But what is wisdom? Hmm? A house with great wealth and fertile lands asks you for your protection against another house with a strong Navy that could one day oppose you. How do you know which choice is wise and which isn't? You've any experience of treasuries and granaries or shipyards and soldiers?
No. Of course not. A wise king knows what he knows and what he doesn't. You're young. A wise young king listens to his counselors and heeds their advice until he comes of age. And the wisest kings continue to listen to them long afterwards... Your brother was not a wise king. Your brother was not a good king. If he had been, perhaps he'd still be alive. Now, as the king, you will have to marry. Do you understand why?
A king needs a queen.
Yes, but why? To further the family line. Do you know how that happens?
Yes.
Yes, but has anyone explained the details to you?
I don't think so. It's all relatively straightforward.
How are you?
I'm all right.
You are. You will be. I'll see to that.
Please give the queen a moment alone with her son.
Yes, my lord. All of you.
It was Tyrion. He killed him. He told me he would. "A day will come when you think you are safe and happy and your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth." That's what he said to me. You saw it. You saw Joff point at him just before he...
I don't know what I saw.
Avenge him. Avenge our son. Kill Tyrion.
Tyrion's my brother. Our brother. There'll be a trial. We'll get to the truth of what happened.
I don't want a trial. He'll squirm his way to freedom given the chance. I want him dead. Please, Jaime. You have to. He was our son. Our baby boy.
You're a hateful woman. Why have the gods made me love a hateful woman?
Jaime, not here, please. Please.
Stop it. Stop it. Stop.
No.
Stop it. Stop.
Stop. Stop. It's not right.
It's not right. It's not right.
I don't care.
Don't.
Don't. Jaime, don't.
Gonna rain soon. Where are we?
Near Fairmarket, I think.
You think? You don't have a map?
No, I don't have a map.
Maybe we should get one.
Just point out the next map shop you see and I'll buy you one.
How far is it to the Eyrie?
Far.
And you're sure we're going the right way?
Believe me, girl, I want you there as soon as I can. Get my gold, be on my way.
On your way where?




